test:  returns a suite of reorder classes .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  function to expand the probes in the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach watching voters of the queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add single theming locales for each theme to the locale .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess the name of a template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to the lists of paths .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return an empty path .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deletes a rabbitmq policy cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  write a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot to a filter .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute a vcs tool in the following order .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a task to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config file to a config .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to convert tlockname to self .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to return the date/time of a string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to path .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  iterates over node in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group of the user and group in barcode .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  given a wsdl expression .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a base64 string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  check if two arrays are equal .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the boundaries contained in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  disconnect from the client .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the content of a line to a instantiated .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a package name or a list of keyword arguments .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a random http file from a url .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert exception .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  slices a list of timeslice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a diff on an estimator and skip .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  force the sequence of slices to a data ordering .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  get the number of second an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  walk two elements .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a pattern or name and a list of n-d or regular expression .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  execute the main body of the script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  user time slot time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  find the bootstrap sample in a string .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  helper function which returns an integration manager instance for use in the module .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to create and return value for a given request value .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a list of members for a given type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  get the network device version .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list servers servers servers servers on haproxy backend haproxy backend haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  import a python data path .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  rewrite a system of the virtuals algorithm to a specified ~ .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  shows a user model on a user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  compute the asymmetry of a random expression between two values lie x and a single probability probabilities .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a lambda function that looks up a predicate in the grammar .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to make sure that a task will run .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  sample two matrices .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  flips a sequence into bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  module identification function .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  define a single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class with non namespaces .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  runs the system delay after the given process .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  sort iterable based on their elements in the list .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  release sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  returns a string with the entire password value .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return full path to the action libs file .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a view which expects a get request and automatically adds an api with the api call to log messages .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download a file from the current session .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  return a list of paths that can be used as python .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  creates a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  get the actor class from the device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  compare two tuples of datapoints and ensure that the given object is not always in the list .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert native sets to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  compute the dominating dominating dominating for a given &<>" .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove repeated objects from a sequence of arrays .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this returns the redirect url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable a term cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  copies a list of absolute paths and all subdirectories .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  set or replace an in-memory window for the connection string .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  returns a partition from a sequence of lists .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  gets a key from the genericrelations database .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  returns the list of the given list of the pixel matrix for the given list of c{destination} .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add invalid output to the hadoop file .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a get a field for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  retrieve the folder path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  clear a given resource .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if port is a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  solve graph using solve algorithm .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  serialize a list of concept records to a generator of alive .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs elemwise symbol .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns the path to the complete .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return a list of valid credentials for a users service profile name in tenant credentials .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  use a callback function to enqueue other than a background call .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the cluster to find a specific name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  show legend for matplotlib legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the standard hub to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the length .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the file fname .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update an namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  converts basestring variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a single ctl .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the current session .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  of the diversity ; .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print helpful troubleshooting message and return a errors .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  this is a pickleable file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a path for a particular type .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the throughput of all dependencies of the given compiler .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration id is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info dict .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  returns a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  convert a timestamp to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node that maps the graph to a node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for rectangular azimuth .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack object to a l{metainfo} or stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a build url for a service .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for the given number of patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  execute the specified file as root of the package in the specified path cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return vertices of theta that can be used to perform theta .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines modules from salt://_queues to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  a version of pygments .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize a contributors from an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a string with an attribute for the given object id .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  check if a string is a type of a type factory .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate a valid property .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current or default language .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  mill the users group of order .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  gets the a function or method of a method .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the vmware network so it will pick up any changes or host .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live build a live screenshot for the build .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  display the given network interface .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value of the variable using the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a list of python code based on a template code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes sdm .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns the recipe recipe between 0 and found in the last line .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether a given operator is in the arithmetic arithmetic send_message .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  encodes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  return a show scene object to a show name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait until the system can be changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  retrieve javascript urls for each pipeline that are page .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send broken step for sending email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns list of all templates for a given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  coleman-li coleman-li .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine a network acl configured to a network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  with colorless output of a feature .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  given a streams type .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for facts if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the provided facts if they were
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test that when how much a vm is modified .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or random counter .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return a list of all standard groebner basis .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments references kenneth lange: numerical analysis for statisticians .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses one key-value header .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if a given user is authored with a given content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test starts with an existing status code .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this handle a calendar via a namespace .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  try to mark a full path on a resource .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  remove the specified pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the current location of the given process .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the model variation that are equal to the given document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop an existing query to sqlite3 .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each element of the first array of arrays that are not in the list .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  create a list of tags for use in a text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  deletes files .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a set of distance number into an int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a file from a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  return an available template object .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  callback called after the process is a character .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes the string value to html .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total request-host .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get any device name from global to retrieve .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the value in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check specified length .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  expected view __doc__ .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for this user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  allows zen view for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a function to a c{ioerror} class .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a filename path into an filename .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  if a response has a method .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a page of units .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  find the pointer line of a function .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  applies a pattern of tensorflow elements .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test error raised when x is in color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dataset to be used when deleting a project .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact object returns: list of dict of : addresses .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load given file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the config .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  if the function test .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  returns a list of fully-qualified package data files found in the <path> .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the value contains the specified location .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute the full path statistics for a given square-free .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  *fileno* a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper function to get partitioned for a condition .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a watch for a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for an sqlite .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the current value of a signal .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  run a function in a hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  copy list of sequence to a sequence of type_qualifier .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  function that setting permissions and insert multiple contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are matching .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parse iso 8601 format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  the shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario sentence can be undefined as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert unsightly options to collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  takes a value .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return 1 for the null interpolation .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that the fragment event is rendered .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a example: buffer to its address buffer .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to intrepret an error message for a given error handler .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  a view that will accept users to be registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute a system binary with the given private key cli example: .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  overwrite a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the returned configuration of the given config file to match .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  get the next vector3 by a dot .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return the path to a package name .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  delete the head file and update the head with the given head .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  obtain the virtual system sass for a given system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  seed a user from the opposite of a line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the list of "comment datasets for given doctype .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the key of a given key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  returns a map of otu map file csr .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this page processes and all automatic os installation files to an editable page .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a file locally for a file & name .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted path path from a dotted .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if data matches crc .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source : the full path to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip the image horizontally .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  return base lun name for given volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  helper method for extensions that rewrites the old location .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given header is in the header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  recursively patch a matching key in the db .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse a complex matrix for solving and processes/threads .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the module to use in the given number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing an empty registry registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find all objs that match the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test if an elemwise node is raised when the deep deep .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download the given check .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns the path to the file of a given file .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a mongodb cookie for a lhs operator .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds two consecutive operations with the original output state .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the histogram of a given feature .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  check if a file is in the same way as a list of files .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to get a headerchecker class from a test .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  get annotation value from a string .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if path is an dir or is a link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists into a single list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the pylitejet component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  used to look up line of python and look up values used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test channel-picking epoched .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <series> -- gets the first component of agents .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  repr() binary classification .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status of an engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  create or delete data from a remote host .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create a new identity instance using a tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource sum of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to repeat and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled pattern using a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  testing computation of a tree using a given tree .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  get the snmp plugin configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve the system state for a project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary with the keys of "information_schema" values .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  convenience function to matchmark .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create a list of head metadata .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  for the display title in the background .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists and group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the authentication traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  format sample string for strong data to be resolved in any file .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class and returns a list of tuples of all the modules keyed by the soap enveloped .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  returns the full tftp image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  returns the appropriate settings for the given family .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the size of gamma .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the correct dpi after the given figure .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of configured configured projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  method used to spawn a public stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  home handler .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  name of a password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that a truth exists .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the jobs that are in the removed tree .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this view is used to load an http request .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a node to become a dict .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the cli width of the cli width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true iff the cpu is valid .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes sampled based on inputs and targets .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determines if a given module is valid .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parses a string as a value for the given document .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed heightgrid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create the contents of any element in the given element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  it should listen for state functions for tradingalgorithm .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a byte string for order view plus a sentences dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates a failure to the specified exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an netparameter .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  returns http proxy settings object .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  create a inject inject it into an array of variables .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  constructs and returns a collection to a given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute one accuracy of the zero probabilities .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  create and return config value for a specified key .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  decorate a function with the given args .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  determines whether a table is a active table .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token to an existing token .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return list of file names .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a query response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  return a string text block of a text block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match based on the audio dictionary .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  convert the value of the canonical key to a dictionary of attributes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a hybi-07 pattern into hybi-07 messages .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expressions can tokenize sources .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a given axes with axes sensor .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return framework as a character .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  create the autojump .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the value of the xyz attribute in the cluster .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all targets in the given list of files .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a specific action on the cloud cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  return the list of projects in the projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a cpu_time() cpu calculates the cpu times .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the main global unicast address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the provied user .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  get the old license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in :mod:numpy .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete the named application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  check the gle for requests .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  factory function to create a table format .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  testing attribute of a metaclass which allows none to verify the tag interface for r/w/exception .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user this module .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  construct a server-side id for a product id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  renames a :class: .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication to custom page .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compare the drives tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  try to create docker server from docker-compose .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  creates a constraint .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the connected release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks if the module is sane and updates that the wrapped test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create a new folder inside the vm .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  inverse of continuous variables parameters cdfvals : int number of points to create a series series of observations for which the frequencies are not close to the combined combined combined
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns a string for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that source is inside a inside a inside a inside a inside of the source .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  add-ons time series into lists of slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  copies the resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  returns a __liked_by function that when passed data is true .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  return maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the lines in a path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 instance id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event on the local instance type and return it .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  make an absolute link from request .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dict of the form ${foo} -> options .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function in a try:/except: .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a part of the numeric text into a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception with a traceback .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return the linux linux distros .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key n .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  ss pickle args: sample function .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure reactor so that the reactor is automatically on the server .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  this is an alternative function which will optimize any of the given node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  get an enum member from a class .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent to pickle .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for search .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  replace whitespace in text with xxx .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes the normalized elemwise moment against a and b .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the installed packages by hadoop cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb type audit for the model audit audit fields to create a new container db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a fluentd name based on a resource name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  abbreviate a dataframe to determine if *n* is a valid iterable .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a value can be imported for a particular dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  print the applying python files .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a fake template string with context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test that a comparison with the comparison and multi results for the given index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  gets the current global settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if a device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit the release with the specified release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs from a multivaluedicts into artifact .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service configuration tag for the specified api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create a string for use in the given controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  a decorator to be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized version of the diagonal matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save dict of files to their original submission .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a continuous random variable such that it is guaranteed in the fashion fashion .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  get all student from a particular module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the numpy array of a given type on x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an file using the given mode and return a wrapped file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the execution of a synonym .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from the given files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate an ssl ssl adapter file for the specified host .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get the windows feature position in the registry .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugins and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns a category either discussion category or access to the user if it is required and visible .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a hash .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  display an object listing by given ref .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this to echo server with an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read an object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a target section .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return the list of configured system as configured system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency to use for the current thread if no currency is specified .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  control-p for matplotlib click on the matplotlib event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of keys a dependencygrammar .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the object copy: the type of object copy: the
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a decomposed dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  argument is a decorator that keyword argument passed to error .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  test docinfo registered .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  find the root node that contains all the definition .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  verifies the most appropriate dont can be used .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for verifying email to the password change email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a dist string and return a python object .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier parameters used outputs the correct parameters .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  does necessary .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the bucket that the cache location .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  signal a string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update modified on the provided objects when timestamp is not found .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a single descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  return a layer of a task .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the arithmetic interpolation of the logistic function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  return true if n == lucas is a lucas lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running on this desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look up the location that should be on a file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  given a url to the scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  finder a copy of packages .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can use trakt for the given user .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the storage that the user is used to access this method .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration is a given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add supply supply .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  test that an error is raised for the file cant be saved .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change source file to optimize or implicitly .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test disconnect without an invalid timeout .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a list of file names from a condition path .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  this function is only used to detect if the given contents .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  notify the fab importer .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates ssh key for the specified file .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  webapp webapp app the webapp app the webapp app : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a list of that belong to visible visible in the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  allows a value to return true if the user is configured for the relationship used .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get mac address of name from lighting .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to fill a function setter .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the elementwise approximation for construction .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert val to an integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all randomly characters that are potentially encoded in sequence .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a list of vagrant items to a list of conf models .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if a condition is in the given condition .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  determine if a loop is equivalent .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server cli example: .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  guess the first argument of the guess method .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  detect the server status code which must be checked or contains .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt lambert of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the value of an argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  ensure the gzip file extension is present .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return the python data path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  frequency scaling of a sound stocenv: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a disk cache file in a local directory .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the intersections .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  returns a category structure to a tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge 2 dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove sphinx app if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  all of the tests .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get the content of the node with the given [u'']for and all the nodes in the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return a png file with pad_dims case .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  returns the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert a vector or unicode character into a constant expression .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  return the name of a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager to change the crypto message in a given message .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and 1row cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the source .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential value of two continuous average .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test the load_mappings renders buildername .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a field by name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  get the location of the data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format the largest number for a specific number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert a string to a numpy array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  render the fields fields in a human readable site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  return the current idle desktop .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  handle lists/arrays of integers/bools as an n-dimensional individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  similar to oldest .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of the internal variable .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a test whether python' is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot details .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handle a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add hsv image to the given image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  bindings a key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user has edit the given model type for the given model type .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  returns spatial_ref_sys year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the update geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs the target api call to a previously installed .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c list of tokens into token and the index .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax activation function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return a pretty union of a string s with all the characters b*a; .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the next compare between the first and the tricomplex[ .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  filters two elements of a single network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file into a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object for given user/group .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return x minus best fit line; along an axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  parses the "partial" xml file in a python source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  year year is a leap year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load a manifest file from package and return the dataset .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines value into a serializable serializable .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mock a process and group id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if num is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  show connection information on the remote server or <li><a .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns true if the provided window needs to be a renewal other .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a float .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a graph graph to float32 the variable of the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise skiptemplate if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of the first primorial .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  given some json .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test reactive circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  returns the string content of a file named filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  updates the dotted fields dictionary .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a list of dictionaries into a single string that is not in any way .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with 0 .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  convert an ipv4 address in network form to an integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  a simple way that should always returns true .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper function that returns a bandstop handled subject to a subjects subject parameters subject : matplotlib subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine that is intended to the parent .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the ground bearing .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch file .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  internal method to compute the knn distance matrix .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: packages cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot a specific to a specific selinux state cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse an index .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  splits a string into base64 .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user in a ask question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  square-free square-free factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  generate random slices for a integer .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns current numeric timezone info from locate cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() twisted .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  encode a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current metric from the name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  runs a command and returns its output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that strong mail count are an int .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  provided a view that returns the suffix of a given test .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a protocol tuple from a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  return the primitive polynomials in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  format a human readable time in seconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we should get here for the dynamic model .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a polynomial in a model via a given term .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to list .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller for organisation types .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait until an ec2 with a & id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of grammar formatter .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert elements of a new pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  find the tag for revision .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten a line of tokens .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper method that returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import a class by user import notation from the string and return the attribute/class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the vms key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  just returns true if blocks is allowed .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  convenience function .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge for a given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  set the value of a given intersection value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes after all the note that are following .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager which installs the given backprop mode .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the itunes lock sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given two numbers .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint endpoint is used with a check that the ttl endpoint .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a gpio as input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  runner can print a background variable with a background header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  dumps server groups for a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  this this c{maintype} for a given icon to be helpful from the latest version number .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  iterate over a group object by a specified stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove courses from a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a running outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  get the media string for the media .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  bootstrap in a relocatable .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an ipv6 address from a base64 host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  get the certificate from a certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  returns the pem text .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  given a path to an iterator of lines .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the value of a specific host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values of the specified submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it can run only the specified current .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator which asserts that the condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove cell expanded from provided list and expanded .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  test if a previously inserted entry can be inserted .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  create a client and write contents to it .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the current image .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  implement elemwise for each tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  filters all the paths in the paths that are in the given paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  get the interior and standard deviation from the segments .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a flow name to a filesystem name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get spot instance instance instance requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  print the default mute with hash and user for each dict .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  return the current desktop cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the names of available flinalg based on the choice names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  takes a list of tuples and an image .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the output index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  insert : rule lt expr | rule | rule | rule times rule | insert divide rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of current vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  clone a single file or resetting a new location .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a new graph to change the child %s app_id cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a numerically stable expression .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a string of unicode instance .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify the custom information for a git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  apply to allow_hosts using performing to calling facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  check out a set of spelling elements from the user .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian information criterion of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  require the course browser to see if the course is allowed to access .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  convert connected slash to structure .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba and index of the iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content recommended for a specified user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the given object node in a python node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  allow the user to the tenant access and the login token .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the maximal edge set for g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return whether the keys in the list matches the given matches any matches the argument .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  computes the squared mosaic basis for each images in w .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  replace any string repr in a string by their constituent locations .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a special replacements string .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a function that applies a diff on a list of tokens to local tokens .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the first derivative of the function .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  given a url string and a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete a new pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  when creating user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop strong seqs to verify fasta seqs .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  return acceptable header dict of indexing on .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save original value to the specified settings .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  build a scipy .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a 3d object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row from a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  separate the next valid tree from the left .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  replace value of an item in the environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of a / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  a process that wraps post to collect tasks .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  to update the changed path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest visitors and save the visitors .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  sets the global configuration variables .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  returns the absolute path of the dataset .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type successfully handles a range range .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads a batch of data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse an xml string .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  show all sql tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download in latest file .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that adds a method to a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  combine powers so that the parallel elements in curly is wrapped correctly .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  return a string containing the time msgid .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  creates a attempts to save and verifies the instance created .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this wsgi application which sets the http request .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if a vm is available on this hyper or not .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new api bootstrap .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a list of support for a given target tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a block of two parsed network .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  fill the user to the history history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove photos from a list of errors that can be created by removing the non-whitespace .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should never boolean columns .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all scheduled jobs on the system dump cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return true if any user is enabled in the given experiment .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an array of shared variables .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  abort that the studio info page is available for the course .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns the path to the python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns the queryset of the queryset to which the request should be none or none .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the given node is a python node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  returns vertices of a series of indices that includes a single time series .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized exponential correlation model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output information for a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type : string json string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  creates a higher order contractive file into the gui .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set diff .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns all review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  applies a filter results to python files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  finds the closest closest matrix in the db .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder is available .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator that will create a caller class .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch for a site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  check all valid 'inbox' .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account from pull .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  returns an certificate of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random parents .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release or reset date from the specified date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  pack a net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a sample path from a numpy array on the intermediate page_perms .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the specified config item .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  transform a function into hr vector .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close connection .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test that the base redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns elements with only one with allowed units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  try to commit the version of a process .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns the matrix x and direction for an array of direction .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return random string of a random bytes .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of user names for the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  evaluate the residual sum of a data .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  check for students in same responses as students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a list of tokens and returns a single string representing the escaped string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is an instance of a string or a string .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for the given row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve the value of a blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  returns the rs_tanh sum of x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  configure discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit commit to cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a nested object .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  get the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group errors from a group .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure the answer signal with a answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by name .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets hold hold on a channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or tokens into a list of tokens .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for |path| .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a well-formed css gradient for the given base color .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get key value from the registry .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  try to guess the request data for the current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enabled loop of stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the session object of the current user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  coordinates of the sum-of-squares .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that a simple bar bar order .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of longs .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  hash of :class:xblock .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator that catches a exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish publish .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  gets the dictionary with the locales that are in the locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport - restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns the storage for this deployment .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the matrix in function from local-preference .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all the rows multiprocessing as a no-op .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  reads a collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the size of a cz^2 that we have .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given template name using the given template string .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg file is in the gpg directory .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return true if f is a constant value .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  build a random format .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  ld mnist .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update highest vote for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the execution of an application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the provided mask is a valid ip address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads admin role in specified format .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of the template file that contains the given file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  given a number of likelihood objects .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of plugincontext .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  randomly sampled normal variates .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if the data contains one of the provided bin or a string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test a dimension log columns .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sort the contributors of a set of ten combinations .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract the label tag from a corresponding type this provides time series for each corresponding to extract the label value .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a whether a number is a number matching a number number in a regular expression .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process in a mergetreejinja file in a directory .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows user to view page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use usage_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return the value of the first element in x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  mark a subgraph as internally for be interpreted as squeezing .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  finds all case of the group for a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] using subresultant .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist code .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  get the test that credential to credential against a specified credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to be used when wsgi-function is not a sending fn .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield in list such that all elements in an iterable are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a base64 hash of the ldap key .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decorator factory .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add allocated_id to the cache table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  convert a network to network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  this script takes a @configurationdef .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  builds a simple docstring using the default docstring for the given docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute the singular xfm between nodes and executing .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all files in path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given a single inbox .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  return the context associated with a given context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of definitions from a given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  list filesystem system at_time .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  add a spelling in the given commit to the given commit .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  ensure that class preprocessing preprocessing a class with uncompleted .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add means to the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  when a editor is called .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for concrete declarative .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a permission setting based on the request .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows the list of users hint .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides for an environment variable definition .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  return the common document of a text .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a network field available for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns the current date in the current time with the requesting module .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test mapnode json files .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  watch default settings for a catalogue .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to scenario/create .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update symlinks symlinks export .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  determine if the services is a several debug of a single debug .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test api-version .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump the network hosts .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list with unique elements in order that match iterable .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the line is in the first word of the line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return art url based on art archive .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  return the sum of scalars in a vector .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  creates an incoming message and passes it to the router for processing .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed mask of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the longest value of a dict with keys specified .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  returns the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the name of the session script .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print a host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user can view the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  given a function .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  given a byte string and a to dot product of dot product .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  return true is configurable .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check if an ipv4 address is shortened .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization to a given inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether there is available for fork .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the effective response to use for logging tests .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate if a string is utf-8 or unicode str .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  display the main loop from dbus to be the request .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  applies a certain content length to the content .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns or sets the details of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an object for the type of a type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date string matching the locale settings .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  test laplace edge of an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  get the list of tokens or followed by the match .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a request to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  renders a template for a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send hm event for attribute to an event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns integer in python 2 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  run a bash shell string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime aware .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of the null distribution .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event function to get a lti browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert hex hex to its hexadecimal form .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  check _make_increasing_ohlc() errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  check if the user is equal to the secondradian .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  define a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initializes and log streams .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  create a python object from a name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  get the url for a public .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent name : string name of bookmark force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also force all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  take a string of whitespace and convert it to a python sequence .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return an error message for a service .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if two otu maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test params which can be used to make a simple authorization tag .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows a django bootstrap field to be used by the django admin widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  edit a wiki document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in the specified location in the specified location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold returns a dict of uptime .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract every dictionary it is currently registered .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns the first argument where the first argument is a subset of a (/) .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get an navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an ldap packet to a dict .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  parse an instance of a python type .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the filesystem existing filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  returns the maximum likelihood matrix x and hierarchical data for the fclusterdata .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the xmpp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host or update an esxi network configuration file for the specified host or ip .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parses a pdb header .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate a delimited value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths to all of the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to check if a file is a default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable iface on an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  remove the source logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that adds the specified method to the document .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  included a specific jobs on the master cache entry .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a move version of the currently only returns a list of ints .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  given a path .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns the byte string of msgpack or pandas .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse primers id for the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the p-value that contains the normal ledoit-wolf .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  ensure that the completion value is available .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data from server .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the key values for the given page .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  finds the virtual directory of a given file .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a factory to colour-code a binary string .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  send an email address to the mailing mailing returns: none if the mailing .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items from columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process gl gl .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this returns a set of problems to get generic properties from different filenames .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function : function plus function | function | function | function | function | function | function | function .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  generic method to set the given flow in a client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of a graph g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  a process with the given pid .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a dictionary of jobconf to a given jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  debug function to check if the jwt is valid .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a config file .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  ensure that line and end category can be empty .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry cache dictionary in the given cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  format the anaconda action for sequences .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct : struct | union .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  patch a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return lms which resists hash of an rgb image .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  launch a dataset with the following user .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  received html page .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  sets virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  print a status message and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of pairs .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  check certificate certificates for students in certificate_statuses .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check to see if the virtual service is less than the given service on the rest of the service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products for a constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast to unpickle string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates categories of the specified categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  check that dynamic-string-scriptler functions can be a dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear the cached suite from the given suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a list of texts .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  check cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove links .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the named alias is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  main function .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get list of vms by its name or vm on this hyper cli example: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the usage of a module is present .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting from django settings with value .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys into separate parts .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  return a unicode string to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  authentication password hash method .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute services for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  base name from a file .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns the most appropriate fd .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates all scene exceptions to scene scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  utility function for gf_edf_zassenhaus random return .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns a list of lun ids with the given host id for a given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  query the unicode string of the given data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a new frame instance that is the default value for the default parameters .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  change a color by a positive integer .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  history history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin intervals .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a c object from a dictionary .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  preprocesses the smallest aspect image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  format a timestamp which can be checked by timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the stdout for returncode .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns an absolute path to the directory where the script providers activity .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google cloud storage name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check event from the user .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  get a context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  view for show courseware handlers .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using the key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given two exception .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  create a machinectl pipeline for the given pipeline parameters .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate the score for the given benchmark id .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version of the bottleneck release .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the randomization axis of the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  disable options from configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  use the module to add a file that will be used by the module .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the "name" file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return absolute path for the absolute .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function alias for all lambda .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  consider a constant value for a constant extension .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a list of files with each component the maximum of the paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a zip .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  return the seconds of the decorated function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets unit from a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return true if any of the given songs are present in songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a particular type .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal graph g in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a service command .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a utc utc utc utc to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs a synthetic standard deviation of x .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  randomise the angle between consecutive distance and theta .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize python related python module .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given block array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  returns a dict that resets the following fields .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return only the data in [a cases .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  grain for the minion uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to make a temporary tempfile .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return sqlalchemy system info from system_info or metadata .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run the paired entries for any of the given stats .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call the printf .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  finds all named groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle merging users in the authenticated log .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  returns html page url for a pull request .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string representing a config object .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  convert a permutedims to the form of a given expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  returns a list of cookies from a key/value dictionary of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the mfcc to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip a test if configuration is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a string representation of a hash .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate an filters for all filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function used to connect to a integer .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  return the mode corresponding to the given data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  test single 3d separations model option .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  this returns a matplotlib social the two reduced 6j .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes plots with 'label' or the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  remove the specified pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  take the first two number of mu and find their first doc .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  returns a list of the cache sets the tree names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by a locale name .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  show the life application .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the maximum data set .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  finds the sessions of the drain authentication body .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test data with table names and normal table with a table .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the min cost of the graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a period to the beginning of a text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  returns the leftmost value in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array of unique elements .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply provider facts args: facts : facts to set existing facts dict updated with aggregated facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the module as html .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  dynamically get a random format type from the given format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of all locales that are all the locales for a given config .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert [x .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the keys in d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the float by the identifiers and the values .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  translate a property into a set of entities .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests using a numerically stable reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  check that sentry_conf just the replacements now pools pools pools .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define an xml master str .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  returns dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the file that is the same .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns a random string of length .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  check version .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key keys for a given key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns a html tree with lots of a given header and multicol .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the instance type of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the master public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text of the given color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round > positions using the given precision and perform the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send emails on an email with a link to the specified email .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  return fatal part of delta .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  convert the value of an object .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a simple exchange rule or recurse configured on a glob index .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the virtual server configuration in dict .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  add a new writer instance to the class .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  return a class used to perform a question .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to a message .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an endpoint description from a endpoint certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores an character state when passed an object to a file in disk_list .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return the default command: instance for this gcode .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create a socket on the target socket .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a keyczar keyset to use for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from inside a loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  helper function which will flatten the field argument list and flatten the connection dicts .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes a file descriptor matching the specified path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  the user should be really to access this page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to put the specified host using this vmware environment in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode a base64 encoded value into a metadata .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  used for the command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the prefix of a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  a generator to get rid of per sff files in directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  construct an integer from an hexadecimal string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of file that represents the corresponding input data .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  get the time zone of a given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test that get_user() cannot be instantiated .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  get the full db .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the standard deviation of each category in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method to get all cohorted partitions in a particular course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct key entry to handle key file .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with 1st linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a file from disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  registers the cms in the page of the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get an album candidates for each musicbrainz items that contain pairs of tracing created with an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the specified data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the current idle error .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads check from a map file .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy sqlite file from one location to another file .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a struct variable from a document_pb .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  test whether a cache is being importable .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return whether the user can view the given target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  returns all media files starting with provided resource id .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete doctypes for a given doctype .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  disconnect all the backend for the current session .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with 1 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  it needs to be done after the test suite .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag but returns none if the given object has a specific value .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that preload .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  returns the certificate in bytes of the file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  returns the iterator of bytes that should be used as a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  convert a json result to a file .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert a number of bytes to a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears the global cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  utility function that returns the resulting date .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  input an estimator from a single estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  split a dictionary of indices in the form of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  remove the check that the check is available .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  return true if the character is an approximation .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  write a command to a file or a standard shell .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a test to see if a page is valid .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default host for this smoke .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  address -> return the address .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a user be deleted after a node is being used .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration streams for the specified build .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function to set the given module if the connection is not a connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  return the datetime object for the current time in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  load units from settings .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  compute linear bem solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  converts an image to a 2d array of matrices .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  look for attribute translation .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  update an invite to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block onto the new block with the new block in the specified start .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parses a key number and returns a tuple .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  get cdf users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the logistic function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  creates a pants setup for the given classifiers .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  get a description of the twisted service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the cumulative density closure of the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  get a list of azs groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute the heights heights .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the web server web page .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  helper method to execute locked the user or nesting-safe report .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  remove any time from the current transaction .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert a clipped array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  remove the given expression pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree of the tree whose content is given .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  completely clear files in the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the tests were running in the vm .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run synthetic classpath on a synthetic java .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install a package which obtains a signal handler for handlers .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  delete the current socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a sorted tuple .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a renderer .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  a helper to encode to text in text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address address .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a projection string .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  returns a wsgi wsgi wsgi app as a dict .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin and dispatch functions to be defined .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the line corresponding to an actionexecution pattern for a corresponding offset .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random integer with seed seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  convert a version string to a byte string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  skipping a dataset .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that setting for the specified value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns as modified if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  return the invert dict with all of the value in the graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove the session from the current request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  return true on the first null compressor such as a detection string .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for nouns .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  require a file with a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the set of strings in a locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on the provided image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy sympy element to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a hash .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  get a list of auth auth names for a given linode or linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  create a :class: from a configuration file for known int64 .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the name of this namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return router path to specified router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  for a given master id .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  utility function for methods that start the machines to show the machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  alternative implementation to be scotvote .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the versions of versions of the current datatype cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  create a dict of the regex that match a c regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function takes a number of unicode strings .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create a new extension with the current dell server .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of one group blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all values that match a provided field with a different value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple of states until the given state is loaded .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  helper function to build a subjects file for a specific gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  configure data from existing dataframe to data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  return the interesting value from the ifneatnumber .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when we can write source file to a given local .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  generate a single "generated field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  returns a string representing a host:port and a string representing a host:port .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns the type corresponding to a list given value .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  generic function to return the email for the given recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  returns an dont address for a given error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to easily use != variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  base64 decodes and the base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  inject data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version of c* .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  does the actual file extension .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new computenode .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  filters given interface and outputs mac addresses of the interface validator .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a http user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns a tuple representing the log .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  sets the current vhost for the specified user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  retrieves a comment form for a given user .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load data from a schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of words that are always very multiple fields .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  translate or base64 string to hex .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the post results of expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of *populations* for both the mapping and the results in the mapping file .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a course_key name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  construct a cabal header suitable for logging by nltk .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for a imported block .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  try to get the absolute version of the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  convert the key for the key pipeline representing the key for the member of the member .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the canonical paths of a path .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  given a series of human-readable entries .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parses a time out of a time object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the entire filenames of the directory which the source files is in .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request params .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  ensure the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a list of pairs and return a valid socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert the given protocol name to a "similiarity dictionary .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  convert a string to a number of bytes .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an if-range entry string and return a tuple of lines that are parsed from the unichar .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  sca the current axes axes .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped path <command>python files with data in extrafiles
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete a exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all quietfuncdef .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  run a shell comand on a shell .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  list wiki documents depending on a review .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert none to an ascii string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test secondary u6s .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a dictionary mapping sandbox to foreign sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  returns a list of all tests found in the directory .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url of a follow on the page .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies whether the cypher key exists .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess a function into a predicate function .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  return path to known by a user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  signal for :class:poollayer with an upgrade .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  ramseys blackwhite for a clip image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the max comments of a feature considering when the table comments of some of the steps are longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator registered for use in a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the total number from datetime object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the test is the same code .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  updates the image of an image and store it in the dimensions .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize the local name to track it .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a datetime object to the name of the corresponding uri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels line .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a generator of comments for the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return acronyms dict of environment variables .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate with an oauth user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a generator for an type of equal objects .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a piece of text .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  returns a list of text metadata starting with the first line of a comment .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  given a path for a inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the input repr of an object .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return true if data is a valid ipv4 version .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an object to a human-readable version .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  create a low-level field for the given module .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate an ipv4 address from the given string representation .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the name of the machine .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute m of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a 2d numpy array into a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the predicate function for managing rows .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  quoted -> str get a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a starts with a fiff file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans the sampled agents .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  return an httpresponse that returns a trace .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a list of features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  test that when no softmax returns the softmax .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  returns path to the directory where we are placed .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  evaluates the product of the elements of a tensor .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> str return a right-justified version of the string s .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into drive/unc sharepoint and the rest of the p .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  write a file or block device using a user friendly element .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  return the items from the json tree .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a structure containing the folders of the user-agent .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  is and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the cross cross product of a vector .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add indices to existing importing details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier and the classifier which a given classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid s3 target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances of x along a and curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the current value of wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets the auth client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change returns: location of a file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  return true if the character is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  associate a method with a given name to be used on one class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests if cover is available .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product of dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  when a users method is changed .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the cli prompt is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  checks whether the file system path matches the given regular expression .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  returns a decorator that can be used as a lazy lazy caching button .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier { identifier | service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  finds all files in a given dir .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  write the given xml tag to the given xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  enumerate the user id and profile an existing user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload an image .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns raw barcode with raw barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deleting a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from geos version metadata .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return the path for storing a expandpath .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out access id from the given token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an apiresponse file object .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new base32 key see: url .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes files in a path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a factory to be used in a doctest api .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  call masked function using masked values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack an argument .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj type to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  test clean up lazy .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  registers the entire session for a server-side session .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a wsgi .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the default torification instance .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that get_user() function are not there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a list of all the empty creation of the graph that contain the digraph edges .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  returns all elements of sequence in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a list of tokens into .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the path to a collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid ipv6-address address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  get the localizable attributes for an object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find a portion of an expression where wsgi server starts with a generator name .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x is at the root x and matrices .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  this is a hack .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the volume creation time .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  find the correctness of the gradient function by seed the gradient level and g .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  lint tool require a list of ssh tool .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  multiply two rows .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode base64 encoded value from base64 to base64-encoded .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  determine if the background is a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add a source to the sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  output messages from the given attributes to the log file .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with cnn .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate graph .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process offset of process .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  convert a list of requirements from a subdirectory path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read a file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  make a polar polar that can have the same axes .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handler to update the given event .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this is the minimum button for remote ssh .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all known connections .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute sequential permutations of a cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update the basefont with the supplied values .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the location of the undecorate function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer device .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the s from the dictionary .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrate all quotes .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments in the status of space as environments .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  change the changes in a particular unmark .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  restful crud parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  search environment variables in the running python .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  return the querying access token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters using passes .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports to html page plugin .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of bytes into a packed output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a resource of dicts for a jinja2 .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the interpolation with the given form as a float .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  parse a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does *cluster* contain any keys .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity for a tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate a list of text ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the depth under the specified tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  generate a given string for the given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  return the changed files running on the weekday: .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get instance type extra for the given flavor .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an output snippet to an image .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with search data or its date .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  split the given list of cloud []visited .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of x along a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  get_words a custom author name .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate a talking hash of the passed in the err_code hash .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  add a helpful version of the specified vm to show connections as well .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of config files that can be used to track .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix of hg random numbers .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the description of the http code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is from a character .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info with severity .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize text generator .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  a decorator that adds builtin builtin method to all callable @util .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  preprocess a widget and populates it in a widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  transforms translations into a dict for traffic .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a enumerator context by its associated context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  child child process names .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt all process matching the destination machinery from destination to a dict .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  similar to serialize to string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external container details from a server .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  create the routes script cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder a set of dictionaries from a dict of their new fragment .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary to a list of dictionaries .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  get the block until it does nothing .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  nonnegative an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a information criterion from a base context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form form }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump the current process .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 to the path dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  return the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  a decorator for setting the decorated function to write dirty .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  reads a file into a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  returns the mock client object to be used by the user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of the given percentage .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a new file with the given url_name .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  encode a string to a json file .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a sequence of strings into a nice sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for review .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as pillar data it returns the read .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns true if the filename matches the given pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract all of the nodes in a tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  returns a list of cached trees object for the given node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper method to get a usable config object .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a function ssh for use as a sequence for the median standard error .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user to the users home file using the htpasswd module .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the details of a notification based on the computenode .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  if the given source is a static file name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  determine the segment inside a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  create a specific library of the given paths and ld .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates the award enrollment for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run an iterable of assets for each app in the given chunk .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that a finder has all the data successfully .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of categories for a given params and stores them in a context .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filter names based on a list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and return them as deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a filter decorator to take the user to connect as a list of urls .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the specified settings for testing the specified axis .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  returns the string representation of an object .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the singular of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write the underlying encoded stream .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  evaluate piecewise polynomial of the experiment of a time series .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vertex lists of paths by paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the harmonic mean squared nodes of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tree can be done via the row and service .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  migrage a message similar to the model_variables node .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  obtain the test control service .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis server cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  if old style is set .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces the given form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  creates a gzip-compressing application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns generator that yields loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a header length of length groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns true if path contains all folders on the master .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  this state is only available on minions which support sysctl .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  allow ipv4 to native encoding method .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate to the specified domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  safe_readline -> iterator extracts the argument at the given iterator of bytes in it .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  method for setting a cluster backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  morning star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create a dict of lists .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content that only one or more whitespace matching new location .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to an integer representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add surrounding from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  create a new thread for the given name .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that tests can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  loads a result on a build .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status of the process containing the given status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when a customer is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read an object as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call and parse the service name .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test catalog which can be set .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return text in the last line of text output .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for this module .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition to a free mountpoint .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  returns a log exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of phases by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check whether a file can be set on this user .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a public plugin class to an existing plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  produce an user cookie from the session and return it .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get list of pattern for arr .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse command-line argument lines into parts of each argument .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  applies a list of tokens in the order builtin to the linux .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create an empty cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  returns a security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split an iterator into chunks of size chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a draft back to remote logic .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a parsed data structure back to multiple gantt together .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  this function returns the upload key to use for the journal .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  move condition heading to yaw .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  mock mock order on a equivilent with a i of numbers .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  check that the request is valid .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  restful crud list for the resource - used by gis .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a boolean indicating whether value is of type value .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract latest parameters from the provided action alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  returns the current course descriptor to a ccx cache this is a helper function used for sane purposes .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  bug reset ip reset to reset truncated user nvars .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a wsgi application which sets the expected status of the app .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix using newtons method .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  when the session was started .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of users with the current user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a vm by the vms on this hyper in the datacenter .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  a footer of every to user actions on .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  move text to the buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click box for the element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to the same direction .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return separate robust order .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on the mean of grayscale values .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of appropriate callbacks and callbacks for the given callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a permission grant for a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dict converts a nested dictionary with nested values to a single level .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps a game where the build get is the value of waiting for improving .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a dict of valid networks objects .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of selected bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read qt data for binary data from a file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create an encoded response from the given name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  preprocess fasta file using cluster from cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if the given undefined is a test case .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a string .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  web server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  index-yyyymmddhhmmss => paths .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no longer used .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string without splitting string: .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja environment for jinja .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log an open memory at the end of a uploaded log .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  returns a fully qualified id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  for the facebook .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  virtual machine by baremetal .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  given a single document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to an iso8601 time fields .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load coverage class_ from a coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a list of user ssh user and values .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the range of the random and end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of line .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator with n elements of the iterable seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of an parent document .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  return a valid instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  returns the error code that was used to a particular unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of all data on the returner .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if the object is a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  decorator to apply variable undefer .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  format a path for final display .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  return a restful controller for the given controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots quarter data for time series .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  return the detected detected cache as not supported .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  estimate matrix of arma process parameters response : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a string validate that can be converted to supplied topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn off if entity off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of masked entries .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  authentication token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  retrieve the main global unicast address associated with provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to ms .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the wrapped version of text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  create a timestamp which will be used by the database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to decode streams using the rate command line .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version from the version of revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  decorator for occured which need to be used with a secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  show a cpu log .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* is an instance of a method .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if the distribution is an ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  translates an interface to an interface on a host .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  reset the signals config files to the state config file .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert a number of integer to an int .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the real roots of a multiple polynomial .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test end with two lines .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a query string to a datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer from the end of the serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  the export method which should be auto-escaped .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write the correct rgb file object to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  list unsubscribe .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a list of power node of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return all ips for this linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and yield modules starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box by tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds what candidates is in the given path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  returns the year for a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  computes and remove tasks on all tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the mean and all events in the data .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  retrieve an oauth client for the given secrets instance object .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the methods in the withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a list of presigned for a given model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  returns first id of the first section of the lines that are not in lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the t and oversampled vector .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a number of transform to transform it into a transform .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using the importer module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for a list of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper for pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  returns a default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  returns true if line is in the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  restful crud process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  test upgrade package from a file that has a install file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  delete the system users using the path and try to get the directory that file .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to allow testing the paginated code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return a list of length n from a document_pb .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess the input value from a string if it does not correspond to be interpreted .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window with an index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  registers an email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector of expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a cipher object with aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics for this 'w' .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  get a request_spec from the given identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  type_name : conditional_expression .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  build up the graph of tags in a graph .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert whether there is any finite and its systemexit .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  remove explicit quotes from mathtext .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get the course and check if it is valid .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the results of a response .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls s3 .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  generates a dumps dumps from the corresponding vo of a particular type .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake groups and the optional groups .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting inside the end loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get the schema that the postgres server is found in the database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the lines of an index file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  returns the debug option .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  returns a last-modified field for a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports of an existing type .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  call riak check with eigenvectors nodes .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the current time of a remote package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and its id from a request .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock mock dedentlevel() with an http error .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using windll .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode string in the series/index headers .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this method takes a list of headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  return a dict with the given urls that should be used for the given named urls .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  returns conference for email address .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  explicitly remove the given parameters from the response .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  runs the connection to the output of a terminal .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test assumptions for assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  require a auto maintenance service .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  ensure that the parent file exists .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  returns true/false whether the key starts with the given key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert a list of tokens or a token *val* to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether the email should send emails to the specified email .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  get version from git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse changes to open page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the input image with the given text .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  jacobian of the gradient in the expression .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  given a number of sequences .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout has no timeout on the webapp .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite for the given wsgi entry .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules for all the submodules in the package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns path to the testfile module .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform 2d nl of log image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an error message to an error .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests that the search is an api endpoint .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to a server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a vim-friendly string capable from a valid url .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  returns the path where the given themes files are located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  existences linear search of reset .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download the zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  display a repository or text .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip a test if a given record is false .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sorts the given element in a list .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all schema info in a database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a package with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne forward directory and modifying .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find all primary and aliases for an alloc .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  correction test for maxima .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object to a boolean value .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  return whether wcs can view the two wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython ipython instance .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document via a bokeh model .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  steps case case on definitions definitions definitions .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  context manager that asserts that the values of block that are analogous to the block that we dont have the same api .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using 20 tweets from the public api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  convert the value into a kodi kodi kodi .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  efficiently multiply f by a constant polynomial in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sets up a list of security groups .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  replaces all open alternative functions .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  updates the object record in any preferred record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if instance profile is associated with an iam role .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download options from the download version string .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  resolves a necessary path into the systems .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  helper method for experimentation .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drops a sane db .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  generates qual file from a sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the hierarchically hierarchically attribute for a given input .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  wrapper for wildcards .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  refers to the last .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether the user can delete the given review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert if needles shows up in the order of bokeh needles .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the path to the user where the page path is running .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate for a certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the line with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents and return it .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by their announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  yields chain generated chain for du .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked a shorter volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse an xml string into a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict for a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  provides the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  display the standard error dialog .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns an iterator over the elements of a sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check if the magic should be used .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a date either for the date or valid date and the date view .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets the eng accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  returns a list of fully-qualified mappings for the package specified as the location of the package .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for covar .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to display for an api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  displays the current startup disks disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  create a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates index instance for given key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return pagination instance .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a new 4-d variable of zero and dtype .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get the mrl of media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  yield pair .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list of neutron .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse and return the vsphere instance for the purposes of a hosts .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  returns size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert float to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary seeother .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests theano [make produces the random interquartile methods .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a one-hot samples of two numpy labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads an api downloads file .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse a song function .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the node from a path and returns it as a namedtuple path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  unite -> set .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the name of this template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return a datetime object from the current time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  returns the path to the typeerror .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print a single transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  returns the appropriate parameters as a dict .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  require or update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start a celery celery handler .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  returns a dictionary with the key/value pairs attached to the target fields .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal a private key on a specific key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for all students certificates .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to the built-in resource resources .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row and returns a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no normal width .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  preprocesses a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  updates the resource settings and returns a list of principals .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the end of the given url .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines whether obj is iterable of iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  returns all file names in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute style loss from l2-norm .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : function sep field_seq | function | function | function sep .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all events from the current linux event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test base64 base64 computation from base64 .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  markup markdown text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied os .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  run the given command in the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a set of csv strings given a series of series values .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape special characters that are potentially malicious in line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions examples .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the first cos of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  look for naptr server and return its resolver resolver .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a version of v2 and v2 arrays in dict .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns the absolute path to the filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from mapbox .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns an entity object .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup regain dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  starts a remote server using scp .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  updates a url with a scheme .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the object for an arbitrary object to bytes .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of all of the next datapoint in the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  test tester checks for computing signature .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether x is an instance of x .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a string to currency .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  watch a value from the etcd service .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing gcrs credentials/config works as expected .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  purchase version of ldap .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  constructs the authsub package name from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around an assignment list .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an existing class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to responses .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a list of applications to plain format .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  return the docstring in a docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the configured config directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  example: assignjs will try to bin all arguments .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a url with a garbage url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete commands .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  which order the ids are not in the chassis .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file using cpp .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom state modules cli example: .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the number of routes for an adapter to the ith location in a given interface .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return approximate weighted score based on triangulation .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  apply given function with given args .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  format a line of text for the given reference .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  returns true if the given target/ident/fn is actually a automatically imported .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the parent directory of a given job .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like the mkdir mkdir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of absolute paths relative to find a base file .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms any cylinder linear into a clip .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the list of currently active on the moose cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints out any completed information for grant .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  convert a list of components to camel directives .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decorate methods in order to function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test bash completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external javascript using external javascript and deploymentid .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator for functions that require anomaly models .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the current key and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  updates a parameter .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluate a loop network .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two events to collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a list of unique facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  list a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return the sortexpression of a block between v1 vectors .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  find all available search using throughput .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the number of the matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path string to path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that the current document can be nodedent .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return an absolute path with an argument path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached languages .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  given an argument that will fit no authentication .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given node seems to be a except .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == nv(union) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a mocking element which will be used to expect .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return dictionary with signed content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  run the partition from a file .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes fs output directory from a file .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  copied from the db .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  looks for deprecated .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  make sure that a named user is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  apply the given function to the debug .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost flow of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full path given the parent name .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  count the recommend brands and return a list of tuples of every time .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the given file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return a comma-separated list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  outset the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message about the experiment usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the version from the specified version # .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is authenticated by a authenticated request .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fasta file .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed to this minion cli example: .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the rabbitmq virtual host cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that bucket raises an exception .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  reorder json so that the json response is not being encoded json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add modules there to sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  creates srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns the elements of the given dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  get base classes .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the length hint for the specified length .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the current vmx file for the specified datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out enrollment filetypes .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  convert a list to a nipype order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the given answer .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all courses courses courses courses to a ccx that updates the ccx to they coach on ccx .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a python type .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process that are correctly present in used for testing the last modification .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  gets url of the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of those filters from the compiler config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks duplicates of duplicates for duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a case from a file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a new repository into a repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  basic xmodules xmodules .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a given subnet group exists within the specified subnet this function requires the specified subnet of the subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  utility method used to parse an error out of a request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  test reading a text table with the {blockkey: table and normal extent .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get the list of resource pools from the intersect .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  creates a task for a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one detailed file with another .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  split a list of integers into a list of items .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensure that tabbing do not break the prefix .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in a given file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse header information about a dict of delivered info dict .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the i{subdomain} setting for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple fast matrix for one parameter .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the default translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure a string is a valid risch-norman .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  return a list of tool files in the received expression and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return version as a string .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test dimension exception when different dtypes .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  start a set of files in the provided file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive use request to view num .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a new graph using the given cliques .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed in the filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port number of the specified host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects the user to main oauth access to following redirects .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check whether val is equal to color color color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of namedtuple for a given exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if user has staff access to a staff user .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  assert that the given l{deferred} fails with the exception given by the instance of the members .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  bootstrap the bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a user cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  reboots the predicted predict to a test model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate an index or index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  returns true if the given review needs to be run in the review function .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return a list of video tags for a group or releases .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a matrix .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool using zfs and a given reactor .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the -tuple for an internationalized or a int .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  the function that flattens a sequence that has been mapped as the same declaration .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  iterator to select all files that can be used in a given directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  uses the userid/groupid logic .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns true if filename is a file into the directory containing the specified file into which to allocate .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return filtercomments source .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of context .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a function in a maxima of two functions .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the static file html .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save a task definition and determine whether to a user .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly simplified ssl wrapping function .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function that passes a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for the given url .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of users that belong to a user for .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  determines if f is a string .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags associated with an efs .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a new html with the specified name and the text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all defined agent build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  return whether a list is a nofollow .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  deletes extension and push .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a message in an issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  dummy function to generate a hubble of a given stream .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  test that macro expansion can be used .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  a helper function to output the access data structure .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring for a given service cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates the instance spec for the specified spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add an exception handler to a resource .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  check if a node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary of all gating usage information about the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the certs ca connecting to the file in bytes .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  finds a neighbor within a neighbor graph using a given distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  display the skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale diag(d) j .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  returns a sample function that maps the minimum value for 2 rows .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager of the visual target .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a graph representing numtips over tree nodes .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql server for the provided db .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be invoked when the process a threadsafe on the rdfvalue .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is protected by the stack is not none .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the given attribute is a valid base64 parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  return threshold value based on the size of an image .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  returns the preferred invariant .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to mark a wsgi method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an interator object from a sample wiki .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a simple genelatex which yields genelatex for the repository body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  check that cookies can successfully sqlite .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  helper function for whether a simp argument is a simp argument .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  a decorator for :class:stepbuilder and label_type .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace none with an input string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies the x509 value exists .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect a host to put or in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return value for validator .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a computenode .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the workflow workflow from the passed in .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  hide out setting list of tuples and ids into a filename source string .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  fit iir .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  capture the spider logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct a .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create all setup .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get a group from the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for skipping dynamic driver if available .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  create a channel with the given transport .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  run the jshint server .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help formatter .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone a disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert file path to a relative file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing a simple dependency gets installed .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  sets the suspend state for ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  performs a shell command on a stack .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that helpful is passed .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns effects in a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  like user but returns the user for the specified email address in the context .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex hex given css file .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | integer | integer | integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any lists of input value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the central density of an central distribution .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a string representation of a collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data using the secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot axes plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the unicode string of the given image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns the initial state with an initial taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show a single image with an top and return the result .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  in a package in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  writes the contents of this file to disk .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a form class for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a python string to a packed object .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  marks up transcripts of all available transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert an url to a local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  delete an existing elastic raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  contain the difference between two >= .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  this is a class decorator web role with a web call this function is designed for security threads .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  constant_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  re-encode consensus .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate context processors against settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  get the output of all the user index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  makes a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit a media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared l1 of a tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  run a task as failed by app_logging it throw to become a task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  take an object and return an attribute for use with the given name .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  runs the given oracle on a python bug in which the given unittest .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes in a number .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return the first add containing a list of sign in expr .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a shallow model for the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  main function to run the script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve hostname to latest what host is the address of address will use in switchs .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  randomly gaps .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs lint search immediately .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the current password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  returns all observable that start with the given module and add the ones to the path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password page & return true if password is found .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning a set of list of parent parents tree .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an arbitrary list from the corresponding index which the index is to .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes a utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket use the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment def 1 .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dictionary to a list of dictionaries .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  change the proper draft for the given user .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a pcfg encoded pcfg file to a file .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test legend for polycollection using legend axis .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a physical devices cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  log and de-serialize a neg instance .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a packet from the buffer to utctz packet .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a new specific endpoint on the page .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  widen the state of a folder .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer from a given class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the configured zones cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key for the given alias .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  requires that the user *not* be logged in .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of the project .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the particular tolerance is properly propagated .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  get a csr .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub registry .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  upload a d1 with a field_seq command .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  show the current gdb cluster in binary .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check for a given segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  returns the a string corresponding to a period of a period object .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of app .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists on the specified dhcp id cli example:: salt myminion id .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape string with xml characters in css .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates package list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the file of the text .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete the given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run getting all apps by app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  round a precision to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  presenter an object to a file in attribute .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the media player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record from the specified file .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  convert the string from the permissions to an object .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string with a javascript serializer from a serializer serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  resets the specified state to default runtime .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to require that the user is logged in staff mode .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the provided headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  print out the javascript files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns mobile arguments for instantiating the project .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies setting as a list of dictionaries .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  runs the salt cloud provider .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a hack .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the given path exists .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update all user paths in the given path .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test that theres no version for capability: .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when a user has registered groups .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user with provided user_id args: user_id: username of a username or email address attempts to look up .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  turn a single zmq version of the quotecmdexeargument for an integer .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a maildir device that will open the given filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry a call http check function .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a record array to a fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  gets a function to a resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a subset of a single dimension .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds dummy disk spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an error string which merges all the work_notebook characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that its response will modifies the given response returned by the csrf view .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  return the total timedelta object in a datetime .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy a system copy of a bcpy b in a bcpy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  create a new dict of signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the estimated population standard error of an array of circular values .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the user name .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  returns the value for the given user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative label a test ratings when one or more cell is not a scalar .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  restful crud comments - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which could be used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that maps a get request for an http session .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses text into a dataframe .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a network diagram in a configure file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a list of ordereddict .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure the execution execution is started as the execution module .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  return the operating platform for the given basket platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  true login login .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads a page where its matched .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a email to the given note and headers .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the registry of the api running instance user == true will first try users registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of job .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  updates the path to document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  api commit to season .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate hash hash algorithm that can be used to hashing dimension as parameter .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule lt expr | rule | rule | rule times rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cleans the component of the component of a shake256 .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  given a :data:string value of the headers into a dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the url back to the given base url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  returns a set of venv packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return true iff the function func is threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that the test sqlite sqlite matches the existing hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if data press from a python object .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse a document and return the pb key as string .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the given lists of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the special dns record .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns a dictionary with the specified metadata as a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  handle the regular expression .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backendbe .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of absolute data in the iterable .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  disassociate the given security group from the arbitrary security group .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns the mac address based on its vertex value .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  prepare a module to import .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see what attribute supports attribute lookup .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output of type converter .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith character should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a cluster .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the actions in the given content .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix is an hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  return the ['rdp configuration and make sure the firewall is disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator run a function in a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  readers that whitespace between the reader ignores whitespace at the end of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  vouches cannot be called .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string value to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge dicts into a list of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  returns true if the line can be go in a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all the logs stored on the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  clear the current environment .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and clifilters .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a sequence of given pairs .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  run a test example .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  generate multiple partition to a partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the file closest in the given file .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a helpful error message that doesnt have no messages .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a color name for the given name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  if there are no links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  return system rectangular system for binary data .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  closes out a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an entry of links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check that mysql mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we can compile error with an error .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  the smallest integer k such that x and y values are specified .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert toy scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  perform a assert assert analysis of applying a single web metadata classify w/ chunks .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to convert a key .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  method decorator to generate a cache or method calls .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  return a http server endpoint .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate that the given model is supported .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  performs main loop of the specified file-like object .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an api request for the received with the given name .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this reads a template file using the specified path and context .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  returns zcr for a given frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a downgrade .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks to see if nictag is installed .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  add the use of in-process to pytest .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to absolute path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  update ports with in-memory .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  find the elements of the last implementation: .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the icosahedral graph specified by the icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  applies one or more query string to a query parameters .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether the object is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of users that contain a list of users to access an email address .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a continuous mountroot for use in tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  retrieve all imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a *frac* matrix filled with the *frac* elements of a larger n x .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an application token .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  replace secrets volume bindings .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit 4-byte file for epochs processing .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a task flag for the exploration .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return romberg replacement for a positive integer .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a context in a given process that expects the given current process .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the extension in a extension .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  return true if a structure of the specified shape is at least one of the specified memlen .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of old agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip and filter value .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  get a sort string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  helper function to check if a request is valid .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  call to scale on a given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk the directory where each line is located .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  adds the lineage of the given block as children of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  returns a intfs for the given file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  gets the default fetch for this thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator for functions that require anomaly models .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time as a timezone .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex object using a new frequency .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a authentication password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send step create the behave .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of individual individual definitions .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the search result for one or more vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return a list of group devices cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json with tag info from the given uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return which p2g is used to emit a git repository .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for a specific policy cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  get list of databases extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules in filename .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict with unpickle guess ids .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  unicode-safe base64 base64 .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run docker prefix against docker prefix .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the random number of the current request inside the current environment .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a protocol with the given protocol and the protocol frame .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list *obj* to a native native structure .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre polynomial dict .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  prepares technical exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a gf(p)[x] to int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event in a given event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns (short components of a principal components based on its principal components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the apiapproval of a field using a different dn .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search all matches in string by string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims the smallest and largest data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  provides a point of states for a given model .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped log error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  like a variable length .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an xml table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  represented a request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save old graphs to bypass a source file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the named container configuration .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a new xor cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | boolconstant | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a particular dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return fixturemarker or none if given object is currently being always returns true .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure that s does not exist .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  convert a tree to a tuple of tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run a web .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username of the current user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a expected name .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves one or more indexes and states for the application indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module caching .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  given a list of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a sax tag for a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the execution inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the specified data file and return a disk .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns the path of an lru cache file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  tests if approximate .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for people by searching for people .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string version of the given string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a dict of devices from a metadata .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to call a function in a logging call .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  only the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a datetime object for days mode .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the integer below a given layer .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  convert a dict of issues into a dict of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns a list of the context names for the current active masks .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  a generator to pull all the example files from a given directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  this function will be used to mark a collection of parsing code .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add attachment_specs for enum .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  wrap a function to return a nonzero .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the latest version of json or footer .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the named vm to the cloud profile .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves general diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and return modules in the current desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images in the binary image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  the backend entry point for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if file_recv is enabled .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in "faster" mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  return the text if value is a text string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path of the binary were running on a path .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified app with --scenarios .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check for service client tags that should be consistent or created .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the penn on the given per cost .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays two node pairs for nvp .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single sparse matrix of the same shape as the mean of the original shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  each test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  combine language setting based on language code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns two lists of equal numbers .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  check if a job is in the disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  returns a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake endogenous .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the value of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  searching for show job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstalls a taking a plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  replace a glob operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  creates a dense numpy array of size in the form column .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  return internet flag .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse sample id matching the sample id .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an artist from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  receives an email to the purchaser of a modbus request .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  test for reproducible ps output .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a json file .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example header value set the header headers .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print a string representation of an width and prints the given width .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get an sqlite conn object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  finds allowed_sorts based on git flag .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  displays the bluetooth adapter on the device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the service name used for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if the ctypes ctypes is importable .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tests the ask with a ask for a ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  require an apache service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  convenience function for creating an xml class from a string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload the crispy_forms_tags for a given ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a legend influence on each host .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  copy a file to a remote tunnel and writes the text .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test fit a call with bound and m2 .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  list all available vm devices .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  tests that a number of groups from the 60s .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  helper function for returning a list of findloadednames argument .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  generate a random image with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a query w/ query results .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds a chain of the build probability for each build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment chain .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns the number of common paragraphs to find paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect to the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolve x and returns the object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return the contents of a incron based on the path to the users incrontab .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  make a test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  return corpus of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a 2-bytes .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of poudriere main configuration definitions cli example: .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  return the base64 encoded digest of the passed in digest .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  determine whether a set of aliased is same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  deal with a given indentation size .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  returns a tuple of for a log .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a process is present .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  zero order of a .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a pep instance of a python type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  checks that the given value has been moved to another callback .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the given tab .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  draw timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks if an ip address is valid .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register provider_factory .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  compute spapplicationsdatatype factorial of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  get information about a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for the destination loop .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns when the emails subscriber is currently being relevant .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  takes a raw authorization string and returns a utf-8 encoded string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download the format to handle generating generating chunks .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  converts a version string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parses a list of size .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates and returns a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of the shortest size and edges .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  return the abstraction version of an environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get overriding file name for name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast obj to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  lookup a value in the given table as a string .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  formats a list of tabs for use with structured tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get ec2 ec2 connection for the given module and projects .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file parameters data : bool if true .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  estimate the list of strings such as none .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume front in the least the given ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string for the specified string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the value of the specified location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct altaz is added to the correct coordinate root of the patterns with the key .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get a **getmore** signature by name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if polygon should be sorted .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert escalation_rules character array to hex form .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  returns a valid content from the content .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  instantiate a wsgi certificate .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add permalink methods to the combo content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the det(m) of a specified expression .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr results according to the given exog name .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add or overwrite a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch a file .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the schemas of schemas are valid .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  compute the linear probability matrix of x and y values for a given class .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the path to the gce migrate file for hg .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a given status code is passing passing a passing status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  return the address in the user-agent that has a valid address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  a stack trace for mixed .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  displays tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set the model is small enough to test .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a version of the entropy of a non-negative array .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if the node is absolute .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier pipeline function outputs a fixed pipeline exists .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for a string .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of tuples into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  make bounds for bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check if user registrations are allowed to view diff-quality .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text in a template .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a single header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  saves the results to the specified filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  perform a package lookup .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the cloud provider .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key for a datastore .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the conf set of polynomials for the build-user-vars mean and variance .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert a gcm to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  execute a two points crossover with random on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout a user that has been shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  convert an address in a reverse order to a reverse stream of addresses .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this just test what the extension model works like having .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  get the footer for the strong .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  cookies -> multi-index .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the square root of the input data and try to be a standard deviation .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the node is a phrase .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class out of the given settings .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager for setting changed config variable .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer using varint and write the varint varint .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  a view that returns whether or not this is a crappy part of a document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if source is a valid url .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  set the supplied environment .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict relative to a mount mount point and a dict of its blocks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  multiply two elements of equal to start in the same order .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a new existing encryption .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  change the source string to a destination .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe response of the pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  create an script for a script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch function to the caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves a profiling connection with the given name .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read and return the proppatch .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return a linear bisect polynomial using its component .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  halt the application .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network or cloud networks .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays all html notes have been updated .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a libcrypto .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the given single page to save the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  remove the comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that path does not exist .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the process is available .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run a subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a process name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  replace the specified user with the username and username .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return the libdnet/scapy public activity for a given user_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model arguments for codecs .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that checks if theres a *mimes mime type and returns true or false .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that setting reporting is not a given value .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate a sequence of datetimetz .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of all compute ips .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the contributors summary page .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  st a function .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the image on image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list into two columns .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start the start application on the start server side .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  generate proper console via a given console .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as host the name of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  write a file or block device using a user friendly element .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for a request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  attempt to kill a ping group in the current context .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets a number in a phone number for the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  determine the checksum for the job value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  a generator that yields all lines by spaces .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a time or mpl-data/example string into a single time .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return a list of nodes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing html column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that a key exists or requests for a given student .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parses an http header as a maxheap quality .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  computes mean accuracy of prediction classes .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  a path .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  show two cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  construct sha1s names used by factors .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  returns a new theano shape with no broadcastable dimensions .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the system object for an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  check whether this user has the same cart as cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create hgrid .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check if a status has been seeded with a given status .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts a piece-wise corpus variable to millisecond .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  find the total degree of a matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  function that creates the fasta fasta file reference to convert multiple path notation .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a particular mechanism based on inserter .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates the desired number of desired datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm list of unique urls to a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode based on the module of the line .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  enable or disable a post forum in a given topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  convert sequence to sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  create a array of neighborhoods factors .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns api-call and health health health for the given option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs configuration for that given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated function corpus are not in the call .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web server .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  it can update model .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  return the valid form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all status of all users .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  ensure path is used to pickle globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator that validates *simple .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip id and potentially id .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  volume_types operands are invalid on a replacements .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user permissions to a given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the kernel kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log an event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  convenience function that can be used to track a new submission .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status for the given group by the header group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the absolute variables of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  loads the requested buildout key from fips .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  if output is using a static static file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string of n with n elements specified number .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams coefficient of the set s .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting hosting service for a service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  given the parameters x : array .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  provide raw_input() for a page .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of all leaking objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a row from multiple labels to a dict where each image is the labels .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initializes event report by given gated_content_key type and a hourly type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return the current python script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  writes a stream or add color to the enough color .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the given filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  instantiates markdown text for a file .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  logs out the profiling database .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has been rewritten .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid from a collection .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid of the named pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return true if the given genre is a wrapper for the given node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve information about a physical raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  write a string after each combination .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get a usable auth field .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a number or text representing places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  remove a list of pyrax from a threadsafe state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the state of the primary and agent state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  get a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of bits in a given netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the given function is a iscoroutinefunction .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render template using grains .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the class from the backend .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  get artist names of block device by block .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the current linux id .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  validates that the given template is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the formatted field in a decimal decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove the folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound to dynamically load a value of wire .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the thumbnail url corresponding to a public thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  shorthand for print_exception .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  input: input: a specific monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict containing all namespaces from the given queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a string to a article for the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose verbose .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  replace utf-8 strings with python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  show matches matches section of a section in the data .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train function to be converted to one top-level features .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a allowed instance .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the simple constraint: approximation of the logistic function .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check whether the given version of the given namespace .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django database using the database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  run a test that tests the creation in the tests .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns image description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the specified host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create extras extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  return the current line .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format the money locale for currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to launch the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  clip swirl filter by given center .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  returns the cached requirements from the given locale .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 paths to vector3 list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  copies key to a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a new network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  create the snippet of the returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  make sure that the minion does not crash to the root directory .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sends an encrypted encrypted dict with info using the given name and encrypted .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the file:// url or none if it is found .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find an int among letters .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates in a given directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format modules in the format found in a format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  get a value from a string to a list-like header .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  marks an action as notifications for a given course .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper method that writes the language version to the file using the given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the network field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  ask for cyclic attribute .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  invalid eip disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  scans an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return 3 of the m using the power of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for the logistic of a and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler build / create a build step that will be used for the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of direct interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the *l1* vector of a given polynomial .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if x is equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  get a string made up of a server .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite for the provided test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for the duration of a correct gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets user settings from a list of events to one of time .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a certain floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the minions instance for a given provider and multiple of the chosen data .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs to be available for crypto .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  serialize a bytestring or text handler to the given stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  convert a group type into a python type name .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find and return a list of supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu dicts much is a subset of dicts for the sim sample .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  fetch the symbol and fills it from the list of targets at target location .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  adds a new password cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is an unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> abc%20def each part of a url .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user in the email address .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  widget links for item .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: assignjs will run only on the specified keyword .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  returns a feature x rotated .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling hide the build status is a job .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  returns ip address for use in client .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns class object that is pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a configuration .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the required survey are required to required courses in the course context if a required descriptor .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like the format .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a pixel at position data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function used for running tests .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best matching implementation zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors calls .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of parts of a tensor .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  index page: displays all statuses .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages which starts with the current revision user .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  release all media on media list of l{libvlc_media_list_lock} the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  unpack an array to a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if and only if the provided user is the role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given database is absent name the name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if current python interface is default .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close a client and cloud dns data .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  displays a useful report of all installed bokehjs .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  parse prerequisite text from a raw file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a feature with issues and ssh-keyscan .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default return code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the rackspace driver driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the ranfunc module .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the iterator of an iterator that yields the source number of values for the given message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the information of a package from the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  returns list of variables to check if they were known to unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  retrieves a default credentials .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  optimization to insert inplace -> remove0 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  displays whether sleep button is on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance that uses handlers .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate an oauthtoken and request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified class .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to make sure that the user is supported on a function is not a supported function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  injects the given model instance as pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  reset a context to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the version of the appropriate server version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  send the next run on the remote host .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict of keys specified in list of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in a standardized xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in thing if its not already callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order image location for all package nodes .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from a cache security group to a cache security group from a cache security group from a cache security group to a cache security group
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop error handler .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user is the action to access a app with the given app .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  order group rank using ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns the line number of a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the vdi of a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe iff lhs and timestamp .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if no value is specified .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  download a truncated onto a packed byte string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the secret node formatter for the callers .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts an xml string into a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql sql statement and return a list of dicts .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in a number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the argument url of the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string is a byte string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a function to be used in a namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  validate mouse and clean up to mouse .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  helper method to get an instance of :class:i18n that require the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that py3 .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this will be the null hypothesis for the given node .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new defaulttoolstate for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the configuration with cpp composite intervals .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get complex from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a random hash token using the provided token and salt with a string of the specified token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  delete a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the servers master from a named file .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a testsuite loaded from the given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  helper method for searching for a given keypair .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization type for the given atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons central to the percentage of numpy .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  view function to use in salt .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  get an upload file from a file-like upload .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the backup for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the feedback message for the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  returns the met settings for the specified key .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that a .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a certain lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a private message .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  look for a class in the class that has a known type .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a python stream or string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print the passed stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new json index role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm is in the vlan to check the vlan .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a regression library of config file and write it to the config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the config file to be used for the proxy minion .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  given the exc_info value .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a base64 dict .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric group of the path .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  retrieve the status of a url and return a dict of time .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules specified by the filter .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  test that using genesis .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if val is uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a pep value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  parse colorized service signatures .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list single servers on or installed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression using the search of a fits expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  return a fresh instance of the decoded data .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the list column at the given height .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run a unicode string from an addition .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to render a corner average .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a dict of changes to either a given model object or related models .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse cuda keyword arguments .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  deprecated since ipython elements .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  grant the channels that are moved to put them in channel .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag and return an object .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send email to users email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the filename .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the most recent backends - this should be the last line of a pylab script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  tests whether a string is a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the current process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a graph from an undirected matrix with the specified shape and weights .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style object from the given style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  generates random bitstring .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  this tests the versions of pydotprint .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  parses env variables in a environment variables using the value of an environment variables .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  decides whether a given user can connectdef a file for a given user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  return the datetime object from the given date string .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of individual ids for the user .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the lower bits from the data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns the path to the users head .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 variable representing a suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea on the system .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  show up the player which packages can be rendered .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  run flocker-volume with an optional template .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  helper to configure the base class for randomized the gpg module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an iterator over the keys in another zip .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a whitelist and return locally .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears accumulated from start^ .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a boolean value with all dtypes in the bin starting with the given kind .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters replaced by provided number of random characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call this function before the first call to work with a specific record .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  module importer .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a single metric for the given module and returns the certificate .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search for keywords using keywords that convenience method .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict that match the given fakewebtab and that name .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data from the training using the given gzip .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  get the compiler tree from the tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test when inverse_operator points .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  initialize logging with a log .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  return datetime .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down the module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the list of -items that are supported in the specified subset .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  returns an openssl status code .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns cookie data .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return headers dict of the given response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  return the worksheet object and write the status to the given file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path where the leading source files are located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq event plugin introduces a game where users get exits for improving the other event was generated .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the distance matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes lock sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the make_pairs file object .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  return any awaits/yields distribution for the zoomed zoomed of the given list of seconds .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the dictionary mapping functions to their available aggregate .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a module name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform a null record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a socket for the given connection and instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get an environment variable name .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a copy of scope items that can be used to create an options for new-style classes .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the expr given is a garbage suite .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the given options .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the tag for the next binary form .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes a valid services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  given an index .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure plugin correctly filters out visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information for a specified job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  returns a c{newpath} that can all the various object(s) .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension extension for a module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string representation of an broadcasting network .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save a background editor to the buffer .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  look for the directives .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a maximum of the maximums line on a dimension of nodes .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the value of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  returns a flask response object .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the file source on a cache .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  parses a loop and a new transport .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty bucket .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler for the internal cleanup .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs the given package on a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a worker for a specific key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  raises resourcedenied if the given object does not exist .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt aes ciphertext ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  finds the input for the ssl device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  updates pending qos connection to synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  return the position of a filename code for the given filename .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new wsgi service .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether a given key can generate a generate key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replace out the docstring with a docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  get the old facebook .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage usage for that are created or usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of virtualenv to be used in .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  tag tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of tuples in the multivariate normal form .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer and appends the result for a module .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  retrieve the value of a composition .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical creds of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return the count checksum of a file or a file-like object as a byte string .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generates a random word of source .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an rgb shape to its shape value .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete data on all variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  view helper for rendering .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns a string of the appropriate tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure the application is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprints for the given app .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  return a new list of dict with elements in each of the same way .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the given sequence in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get the harris points for the given locations .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is ratelimited or not .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event data to remote server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally of the given filename starting with the specified options .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculates a list of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link role to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  set up the stopped black event .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails this plugin allows you to define "weight" on the build pages .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kills syslog-ng .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are running on a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the collection summary page .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a view that returns the hostapi web page for the given filename .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current application .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  convert authentication user to a decorator .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message for a provider .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  convert a string of hex bytes into hex .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  check that a string key-value pairs dont contain strings .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  push message integrity by picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the behave context .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the path to the users root .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle signals in a string .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string representing the luhn in a four four bytes .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  like bool: .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  creates a logging instance that will match the given path .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  returns a rendered html format to be used in javascript .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  replaces invalid characters with &amp; xml entities .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt adds its errors dict .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize the language code .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show image labels from the specified triplets of the image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema page .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python identifier name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get the names of text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  just replace the lock for serializing access to shared data .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert any object to a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  given a mesh and direction for deleting a mesh in the volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an image file .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  return true if python data can be found in a package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  return the name of the comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render request .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the current session level to the console level .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like product .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if the services have to tenant and the services in a tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  delete a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate that the rate rate limiting is at least *seconds* .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a project .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  observer the repository reference as a .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in the folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a full header string .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the array of creds encoded by the array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a system volume to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  replacement for rational translation object .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays widgets add or current dashboard object to the dashboard dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove the unicode text from a process .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  execute the command-line arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this looks for any of the string in an grr header .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  returns the architecture architecture .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  computes whether a frame is energy .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns data to be used in error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion translate the build of exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : expression comma expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  splits a pathname into its checked path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a tuple of hex bytes .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets skype .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  call the given function in post .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like :func:unpack but behaves the results of a shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  add version for a given repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert strings to a list .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return the intersection random graph with preferential attachment .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of application normalization for the given training .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  transforms items from data to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train the actual model based on unix dense salt .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  asynchronously run a service and return a dnsserviceaddrecord() .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  use pilight buttons .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  create an array of object parameters array : 1d array of elements in the array sequence or numpy array of object repr .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  get the client types for an operation on provided credentials .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  return a list of lists from a location .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  change the code code to a pygments integer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name the name of the package that were not installed packages are available .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that a table with primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  returns a set of the most common functionality that will be used in the context .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all table .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  asynchronously retrieves a scheduled task context .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the name of the instances that are set on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a generic test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is an integer within a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the return return the new one that has been new resource dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  add system to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  get the tell distance from the form of a form .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience function to return stdout if we have compiled .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check if an names is a valid url .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  approximation of function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a dataframe .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the objects contained in a context .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the packages that are supplied by the given packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  returns a function to be used on a log file .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a and b are is a .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the binary operation to a python data structure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  contributors across contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  test view that rely the unicode dups .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require the file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a command list of parameters .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a file to a path .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  tests that a report between evaluation report and make_png are the same format .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the node to see if the given name is not equal .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  a decorator to check if the driver supports it .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  get a specific url from the given url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  determine a stable set of classes to their callback .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  require an exception to be a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences of a vector .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort sort sort date .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  perform a qpixmap calculating step of the cut-set points .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the current final document from the given document and formats it as a string .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  returns the leading frequency row .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to iterate over aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove keys from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  a factory to create a class or list of object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return the threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return the given user_ids .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a new addskip method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the given result .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for the given process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  retrieves the event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine what the item wants to be upgraded .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns the last last user data for the given course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the next variable name to a ctypes string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  returns the energy of n nodes in a set of nodes .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary with values .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to the given repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the module is installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  call the named function .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve usage information associated with given resources .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the output of the graph that are contains in the output .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start generating and running in a memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  creates a flocker key for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return a column that is a column in the order .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine image types to determine the type of an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the information from a specified package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a multi-send session by marking the sending session .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to iterate the statement over the policies of the corresponding statements .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify a dictionary is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes the symbols to a file .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg <query> -- gets information on a text .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  use actions for copyto .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  helper function to execute a brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a process .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create default signal map for given signal or list of signal .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a child command on a remote machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the gcd of x in x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return unicode path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return the number of bytes needed to represent a string of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns the named colors as a string including the given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations and returns the counts .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature corner part of the input image .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of records in the specified command .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns a suitable app for the given app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values for raw filters .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the uber platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  helper function to resolve a question name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the resource from a url and return a dict .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user to run on the host .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the linear filename .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  fast definition class .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test covariance matrix .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get all the manifest for the specified list of strings .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  create a nonce value for a volume error .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  convert the event from base64 to leaves .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  make a connection to the proxy .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  create a continuous random variable with dummy variables parameters func : callable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the regression info and return a dataset of the info matrix where x is features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete an property or raise if namespace or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes of the machine .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  similar to bothered .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  return a valid credentials for the module in google cloud credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  deprecated : if set .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 key to disk .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  use atomic to copy data and copy it onto atomic .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  given a page .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse an tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud parents - used by requests to users .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convenience function for quickly parse actions from a list of pairs .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  used by unit tests to reset the current settings .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert all keys in a dictionary to lowercase; keep their original values .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return a dict of all readme for the received readme .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return member status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  return the text of a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a single column into a list of osx .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the first n bytes from the data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a list of tags or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  scans a single cherry server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a single wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a full organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy one or more test path to media module directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  if the position is a valid location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  return a dictionary of the last loaded on the cloud profile .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a bokeh commit in a simple way .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary dir this is a writeable dir yielding the temporary file and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  yields remote_api counts on a path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  convert from raw_line or write data to a file dstpath in the case .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a persons .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign an appropriate connection to the service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a date for a year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the value for the key specified as a dict with argument .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list all hosts within the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  update the worktree worktree on the parent worktree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  makes sure that the given scope exists .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a given request - should be done for security use only to initiate - should be done on login for security use !=
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns the name of the author user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful controller - used for searching controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to content .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return the sum for a step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  decorator to output a function via a command line and return an iterator .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  return the version of the most errors .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves the entities associated with the entities .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return the list of the rm of the rm modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the list of script names for the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and extract mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator to iterate over a sequence of nodes .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a dict of details used to download the unit of the unit of the unit iterm2 .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  given a tips instance .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer object .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a closure instance which writes the instance to the datastore .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : expression comma expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts a single model to an directives .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a function used by the class to insert the function from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  return a function used for testing .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project delete webhook .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  dynamically load a module file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a multivariate value of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  return a function with a given name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test whether evoked performs given unordered file .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  find all up to traceback with given line numbers and return a traceback of non-blocking entries .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical this plugin introduces a game where the build are up .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with lines should respond with # .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from the specified file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  replacement for the given job to become versioned .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  import path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  raising what headers should be used to catch and verify that .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  resource component page header .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  context manager to iterate over a file .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a qicon from a file or a list of pydot blocks .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  shows the event using the event .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  the restful handler .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load modules value for given module name .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  given a module and a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  return the access token from the given app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a content-type like abc .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns the twos complement of x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace #!python name with its the provided column name correctly .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  unquoting function for receiving a filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a randomly sampled states of the given number of indices with states stochastic .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network device .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the console axis buffer for a buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple command-line arguments .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of fragment settings and their settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  determine if the modules config files are zookeeper connect to .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last web page .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function if it exists .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the most localetuple object for localename .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in sql string to make a db api call .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  given a string .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checking cpaste xml .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values or values only replace masked masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the url is a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  delete an generated environment by ignoring the settings of a specific action .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  does the pointer to a pointer of a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  display the list of comment comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the docker-compose on the remote host is swapping to be swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  ensure that the certificate is set .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  create a new nn instance .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run code in a seconds .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  complex reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock container for fields from a method and assign it to the response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  print out the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the numpy dtype of a condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if the inputs are common to torf .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  try to get the user with a passed user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this function will prevent django from serving a content-disposition header while expecting the browser to any matched nodes that are returned in the response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the remote url for a remote url .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  how this media player have? is seekable .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the data for a temp file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compare html tree with the expected and return true if the tree is equal to the expected matrix .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of the signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid of a grid from a docker file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  returns all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  return the error driver for the given cuda .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the token to use with the given name .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  trims for a given 1-d locator .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run the hotfix and make the minimum branch .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  quotes a filename .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the preferred output encoding if the current locale is supported .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  return x: no detrending .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test sigmoid class calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  this matches an regex to regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a version which is currently selected in the tag .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a hash .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this module is used to read the table with unnamed .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  performs authentication with http authentication .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a closure for a domain .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return list of test module names from a given list of list .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the stretch along a positive image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  initializes the first event for each extra that would have been constructed .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the list is a subset of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if we can init extra traffic with the running command to run a python file .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes the continuous fit for the fit mean .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path to the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if the user is valid .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return the introspect instance .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  perform a stylesheet authorization from the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for knapsack .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers matplotlib units based on their page .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations in a previous strings .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a character source code string .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  return list of submodules .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  convolution convolution of a variable using pade variable definitions .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return preferred environment encoding encoding encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  wav the local cache of this local cache object .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds given given single message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a boolean .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds the serial port spec for the virtual server .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  creates a list of eliot messages for admin group .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the current user has attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of mnist vars .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  return a list of broken test client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default python type for a default .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event option .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if the user is valid .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add beveled from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  remove extension from mathtext .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the path to the file of the requested directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a helpful application and return a generic file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the current api_version as a dict for the given settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an archive repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a new ephemeral cipher .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the common case of all common others in the snapshots .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  pack the given expression structure to a nested expression .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of regions for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return an encrypted conn object .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of packages which are for the specified port; module is not installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read a user-level sampling_p file and return the corresponding list of minutes .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  similar to obj_python_attrs() but taking the logfile process .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function which ensures the websocket websocket is available .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a collection of name=value threshold .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  function for selecting the first argument to a description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged in the logging .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to make sure all file gets passed in .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  convert unix ticks into a unix ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the file from the remote module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns a generator that yields pairs of the given iterator with all values in the given list .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the changed hash of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  read the output field and check for a single field .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  get the given shells on given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration level .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for each url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a trigger ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterable of items .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return whether the system error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  parameters seq : sequence returns first item in sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve the data from the filename and return a dict of filename .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  creates a machine on the virtualbox hypervisor by cloning the session to write to the machine .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  export the home directory for py2exe .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an individual list of migration for all targets .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  test that an empty project cant be initialized with a file extension .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  coordinates" an attribute that matches the given iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  unpickle filter statistics .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  construct a flag whose attributes are valid .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  retrieves items in a particular active history queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory directory return a list of all available python files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the base64 optimizer make sure that the __all__ order of pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status for the spam .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a special html string .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  astropy a class with a :term:view method .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  check for true/false on a string pattern .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a string of the given time using the given album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate by sequences .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  call a filter function with a dataset_id arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run a background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the default translation directory .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the name of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  should sympy access to the sub temp .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator for a test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector hide the url of a build as a background scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  main method of the last line of a line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  check a dataframe for a slice .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return indentation type for the given indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return the number of projects that the given user has public projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a python cache path from the cache directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for filters which should only failures if a particular iterator is failures .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  let the user for root environment vars with leading/trailing .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get best unit units in a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> int list of files to be written on the system .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a compiler version stored in the given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect user to logout_url .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull an iterable of refs from refs to pull refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label and auto-escaping functionality for django templates .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce multiple results .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  uses the existence of an ssh server .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse the authorization header out of a rubbish .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to calculate the absolute value for each element of a 1-d 1-d .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return fast hmac hmac for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the objects contained in a context .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a single client until the receive a response is receive .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  a simple method to determine if a container is a container parent directory .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max window .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return any eat descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a value to a list of day .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  simplify a damped integer fourier series expansion of a black-box integer .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume advance the iterator n-steps server .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the duration of the total number .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  checks the request headers to communicate .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  with verbosity 2 .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test resample resample function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the xblocks xblocks state of the xblocks structure .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill a fill chart with serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  given the instructortask instructortask entry for a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert real vector to complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is a valid link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two arrays are equal within a and b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  delete the signature of the currently being deleted .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the specified time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  job to returns a list of the pages pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the current image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either via important .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  returns a list of supported language lists in python received .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files exist .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy function that will work out of strings .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of the given expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  create a file in the given dir .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  context-specific what what our package should be being imported .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model data from the config .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the english article string of the english word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the http user header string .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks whether a given name is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  example: compatibility an exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  add global context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  get controls from bundle xml set of namespaces .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  installs a string as hg from the path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a list of activities .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new persistence service that delegates the api on demand .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equation with special 1st .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve pexpect output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  automatically installed setuptools from setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  guess the certname of a given config .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  returns a generator for a function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct an appropriate volume based on volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  this is a pickleable evil to transform in the series of strings .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the lines in the line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the the the local fields dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  get list of brew brew path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  ensure that the font file extension is utf-8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  return a single signin cookie cookie .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all the rules for the current thread .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  add a newline to the end of the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the classical decimal representation to an unsigned int .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert all utc time string in the month format to iso 3 .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  return instance_disk_info for the given quota report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  return a file object that can compile the current line .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin introduces a game where users get the most of the currently configured build step .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test a 3d ndarray from an ndarray input .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  convert the canonical paths to a dotted path notation .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on q .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson decimal128 to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step in the step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  get the sort of a text header .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder triangle mesh to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  show physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries against the given query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy store store store to write the specified package store .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  returns a list of parameters or list of params .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that a list of strings is a proper format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get datastore policy for reading of a given policy .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open in a given file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this method provides the mercurial chunks of a mercurial object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensure that the node is an instance of the line number for ast that can be treated into ast .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid crl path .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find the s3 metadata for a bucket file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show the rows and fulfills based on the simplest option in the order of input substrings .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an attribute in the given token .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the users karma of the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  issue a valueerror when not found .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of input to be committed to a users crontab and writes it .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator to skip a function or method .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over files and yield filenames .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures up to filter module with the current settings .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a query containing funny .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  run the main application with the code in the background process .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  makes a file from the different settings .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of for pep8 violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  installs a string for translation .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns an vectorized formatted date .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a == b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs archive cannot reference a history archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert the region of a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  gpu free memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the graphite plugin for a specific plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb user or list of objects in mongodb cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a given sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log an object from the request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalize the text to edit a user .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a specific version of the current .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  sample noise function .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with hidden text scrolled .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  creates a user documentation from a file .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a value to a user .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the quoted strings from a plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes skewness .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  add the jupyter attribute to the jupyter display .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the id of the user anonymous .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  imports the given code and returns a list of installed key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules to always use .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  register every work for an event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the logarithm to the list dirlist dir .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a specified container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  convenience function for primal .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a set of mongo posts .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the path for a given distributions or trackmatch .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit an author operation on the tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  assert are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  page rendered by template .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  change the attribute of a given xml file .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the path portion of the file to the os equivalent .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the rate limit for this rate .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  if the numpy array of an rgb image .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the specified path is running on the tree .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  attempt to remount a platform mount up the platform dictionary .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the hash cipher encryption on a key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a valid windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check whether x is enough of x and y differs for interpolation .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  overriding : new-style classes also new-style classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  simple command-line program for listing node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  returns the long description string .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  a helper function to get the heartbeat device for some device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register internal internal registration types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  close the status of a consistent message .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a special log or class by name .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  test to see if given value is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a set of signed to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating expand associated with the given api key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  returns true if the encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns exception messages from exception if it cannot be passed .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns a list of column paths that can be used in a given traditional .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  view function for handling headers .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  run a process and return true if the uid logging calls it .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  pyramid image using user-selected rows .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  add queries to delete queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has force a working copy .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  compute euler red decomposition of the euler using interoperable .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for each of all namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the list of the names of the string .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename files with two lines .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  finds the version of the file in the given version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise httpbadrequest if the request does not exist .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a fixed column column field for no field .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that channels are a batchnormalization .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process given data in a list and a data set .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms on the provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert the exception text to its logical form .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  return the number of bits in a range .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creates a new requests dict .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  returns the sibling of a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from all of the given gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  returns a random integer difference between the two value .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if a namespace is in a registered version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  recursively remove a list of files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates the docstring to the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the original locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the replication user info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  return html with a begin task .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  make a date between a month and a datetime .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  parses a com error code and returns a dict of arguments .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which returns a generator .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create the compiler generated by the given function and checks on a compiler specific compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template name to apply the current page .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  emergency emergency on posix-like systems .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list all security groups .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of this class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  return list of active mounts on this minion cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find users which have not or different key .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns a random random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a list with keys of non private private private private private key .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function for methods of a permission type .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and return headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of strings for the options graph .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  returns from the http header or environment if there is no password .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  a function for testing matrix .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the global mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  ensure that assigning to a unicode strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the hyperbolic distance between the kaiser and low values .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode string representing a path on a symlink .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an search handle in the given storage file .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a wsdl instance with wsdl namespace .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert a string to binary string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  returns a terminal .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  get a search result .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  callback for tests .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of api cpu used for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  escapes a string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate the staging style for staging style .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require english project0 .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  runs evaluation in a simple rolls graph .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  get the info dict of a http response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the jenkins function with statement or the optional attribute of opposite results from the function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal transformation matrix .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a value for a given text using install_openblas or prod .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  ensure images where size of a template is equivalent .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a dict of tag namespaces to a list of tag names .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to an address .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a check if an installation linux user is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  try to install the correct import of the path .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return markdown extensions that can be used to serialize the current markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merges a layer string into a profiles .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a given context object to the template context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  create average average .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  insert python paths and save it to the cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get media permissions for a media .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  returns a list of tests to load tests from the given pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  show entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the pagination in the original demo .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare source position of specified source code .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to parse action to determine the current stack .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run images or remote shell instance .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all probs1 nodes of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the current instance is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of file extensions extensions that are fontconfig on the system cli example: .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  collect a set of headers according to the rrrather module .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  view function to allow a new user to register an e-mail .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to create a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  block the call to setdefaulttimeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a filter or a flag to a regular expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  make the second gc implementation .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits leading pathname into two parts: the leading step .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator to get list of addition from a single object .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance for a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a specified container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an instance to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve a symbol that namespace be used to fetch the database and return the data .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a tuple of integers or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the skeleton text of a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a generic container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns the name of the vboxmanage command .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha hash to verify the sha view .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  get the output of a line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words that are not equal to the given number of words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the hipchat module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  renders the given template_name and return the meta .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the answer based on the expression .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website information for mb .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  evaluate the xxdot .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  a fake slicing for the chain() model .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  verify that the element of the given package is in a package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  send whether ang(1) object for for uses rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  test to make sure that the number of randomly parameters: .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator to mark a function as modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  translates a value into a given node .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if xml_obj is in a specific value .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the image to the given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random cloud instance of "b" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get information about the extra dict like dict .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add attributes to a certain type of a type specified by the type of a type rather than the type object itself .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for organisation crud controller - all organisation tweets are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the matlab function x and the values of x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the path to the terminal .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create meta objects from a module and write them as environment variables .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add a certificate private key certificate to site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  returns cdata for use in javascript .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merges a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host macro macro .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  elide elide .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a new trigger type db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  return the headers dict of a given response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get raw http error code .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  run changed on the page .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run the command line arguments and return true if any of the command line .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  returns the native filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for the given argument .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  helper function to get grains from the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting matrix for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  main program .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return a list of minimum clients in the minimum clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a database version number of the given version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value which should be used as parameter to attribute .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a template into a python template string .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates a generationhash object from the given attributes .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  retrieves the snmp deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  returns: template attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  get the url string without words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse the natural output for each dns comment .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy a new bundle to a new development .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a pyunit that tests ifilesystemsnapshots to verify that ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate the given function and upgrade it should be the provided step .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return a tuple .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make sure that a gem device is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing package with a reqs package that was previously installed .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  like args .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  returns the info of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert :mod:datetime into a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  corrects the modules listed in each combination of the path .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  checks if the backend is a test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests to ensure that hugs nullable type successfully works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get a matplotlib python module .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  context manager that attaches atomic atomic to a temporary directory .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file as a python file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  parses a file content and returns a pytree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  raises a helpful context if it does not exist or is not found .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parse a command line option and copy of option object .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print variable equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  delete a remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table object containing table info .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function that initializes the function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a concise of a features .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global root .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  check if flattens is a zmq keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object has a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  supports the time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate padlen for plain learning .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  return the leading monomial of a and b .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute sum of columns in x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  returns whether a resources is inside a inside a inside a web one .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  used as html field to escape markdown as a used field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable differential equation with order reduced differential equation .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a list of error contents .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  tests all files to a true path .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the given tab for the given gated_content_key .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  try to parse the title of a page .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function is called after the server .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  return the unix axes made up to the string .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the expression into a numpy expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  test whether or not an aware datetime .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if the default ssl paths is on the filesystem .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a single date on an operator via given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression : expression_opt .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  helper function to calculate theano and update shared variable .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate against: footer for a given footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a deferred that maps a given 1-d id to a given store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and filesize where and associated values are represented by the image where and filesize .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific value amount .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get an os x-specific 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the absolute paths of the absolute paths of the absolute paths of the absolute paths of the absolute paths tk
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column constraint .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs the given example module .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  sibling reduction .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a template tag to recreate currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call a function and kwargs with kwargs and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  this is a relationships of a class .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  utility to obtain a cameras objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return an appropriate plugin instance .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module if the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem to a single volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  label: set or get the icondata of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts block lists into a block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  creates sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create a sql statements in the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  computes the multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  make sure that a path is a portname portname path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively processes a inner file .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single pattern .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find and return whether versions of our variable name the grain driver name .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name from the current request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute lc and a lc in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups belonging to a group .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model with the specified data point .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return list of sequences that can initialize common character in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles or current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  like fileselectbox .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug for a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a list of pre-trained attributes of the given document .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the param info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns an iterable of the videos which the json api function is in .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  construct a compiler class for the given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  n319 runner for sequences .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named path .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a blank document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  make a series of the polynomial of a polynomial f modulo o .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  taken from the given python geometry .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the current database value for the specified db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts any other elements from an http auth string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  updates state when task has changed .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  check if pieces is running on dot .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the path of the fonts directory .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two specified names with the comparison kwargs: for comparison .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  helper method to start and run a tcp modbus twisted server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a dropboxclient dict for an audio request based on the generated language .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add datastream from f and g .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  futures futures - data that will be deleted in this function .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the lamp .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the node where the node is a set of nodes in the same .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of all registered changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number or a precision to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  a decorator for a counter_type .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  checks if two arrays are equal within a specified quantity .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return string representation of the string in subject .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download an object from a url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual env make the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts lscsum as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  return the directory to use for the files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously using exception .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets the state of a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a new task to a payload .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  returns a and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an entry for the given argument spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  test if a name matches a tuple of matching name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  get a string from the api call key .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get the resolver class for the specified resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  make sure a single bundle is done .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the current value of a response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  return a dict of all parameters needed in a processor .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  used to init the currently selected as a post when building a post or reset .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  returns the callback used to translate the process to the xml tree .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  run a hook specified as a rit .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an appropriate calledback .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for a rho blob tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  runs mean of two masks .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a course_key return true if a course topic is cohorted and its children .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique arrays .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  returns a list of parsed handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether return true when sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  repository manager .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect user from master and return results .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as key for the calling module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  returns the rtu value from a byte string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  retrieve openshift version from the existing facts file .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate instance of given page with provided user/group for each of time .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a random string for use in tests .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get the sqlite3 value from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a binary password with the provided name .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter items based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  get a list of resource pools from a url .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  output the string to a python source code .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  create a symmetric array from a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  read an iterator by any iterator .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a disk name .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle *private bands .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the ae token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge list with keys and convert convert the result in list to list .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run an command line interface .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface data .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  compress the path without the user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  get the value of obj .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  returns a class of the hashable class requested by the hashable class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g at labels .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes that are used by the first character in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given the context as a page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information about a flavor from instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns dataframe .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  convert hex string to a number .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad string s for use in a python string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  given a wanpppconnection exception .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the requested contenttype .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  show the number of times a single integer in the database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios are missing .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a view of an http request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language path for the path to the settings .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  concatenate matrices by dimensions .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy data for histograms and pregnancy .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test searchcommand .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  sends an arbitrary context manager for context manager .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list of tuples .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  add a new release to symbols .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an existing root .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will create the init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a pending reboot checks it is pending on a pending reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints and return the structure event level for a given message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  strip html characters from text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure a triplets created with a volume over a batchnormalization function .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test that presence or absence of an editable package is normalized from a given url .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail returns a trail was created in a trail .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  returns a list of spans from a given bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  return testapp or none if the given date is a variety of a latex .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up after halting and .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  convert an integer and integers from file and classical header and return as a dictionary of bytes .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  if the input data is a theano integer .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a native dict .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend the path separater and last_date? .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  shows a user in email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to collections for all collections of collections .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  run all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns and dot when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if sgemv needs to be successfully .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  filters out the scaled sign by setting into a scaled integer .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  resets the given defaults to a specific level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to apply a typing .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask the user to menu in menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  replace the datastore stub stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like variable>}} but converts the lists of the known type fit into the number of value_type .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate a unauthenticated text for the given profile code .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  manually test if not the same path .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an argument to a loadhook processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  print a child files in the given directory .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set break-point command line interface .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  manage the requested dbms or update .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that an exception is raised when each conf is created .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  returns a single blast record after the given radians .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  convert fixed reducing slices to list of slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  the pricing module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for participants view .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  parse a signed number n from a string .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence from file and returns as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission based on a submission of data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  remove a filter from a model .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all containers in a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle click on label and plot .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  try to make a wsgi application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return a string for use in the arrow .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  evaluate a string into a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear the minion cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  determine whether the given jobs .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function func with the same arguments .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for a disk image .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and b for a and b where both a and b are the numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a function that takes a callable .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes a component to disk .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  parses the summary from a article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable using the exclude dependencies of freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return events in batches of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  deletes an instance in model .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a string metadata .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  this method is called every time the server starts with a stub event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  context manager which will cause the current working directory to the next window .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change process and group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run a list of tuples in the current state .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a list of documents from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string encoded from the number arguments: - the encoded string - alphabet: the encoded string - alphabet: the encoding to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  login - clear the signature of the document .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the value of the current course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list with all karma objects a user belong to karma .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a specific role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if a newer version is in the same github .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  get the os version of idle idle .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  return the certificate in the ca certs .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a handler that callable from a data types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  filter symlink on a path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator that iterates items in a dataset .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check whether decimal values can be whitelisted by comparing coordinates .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a set of all registered fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the current system .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all lexers from a module and get them .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse options and return the appropriate options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  create new instance after revisions .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket of s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  confirm that the response is less than or equal to the given question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a datetime object and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  override a dataframe with a default value .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  returns a weak weak from a list of integers .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the dbref version of a particular dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test whether theano function is passed to theano .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  try to parse sanity module to validating sanity compression .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the randomly arabic vector with its component parameter noise .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate old statements based on a chain of namedtuple .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for an app .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  a decorator that caches the call of a function .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest available image name for the given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background events in background order .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save and save a given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  convert bytes to a number .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy rscript .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the provided repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  convert unicode string back to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct a python object from a string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column for column where column can be written to a column column qtable for table .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start or series of indent details .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  helper function to parse the result from the openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named and named groups as named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  function that ignores unicode to dont use expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string of the latest rpm hash for the given version of the latest rpm version number .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read forward forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  test the inverse of the production host .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  get ip addresses of a given hostname or none if no messages is given .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  create an access token on the given token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the group index for an index .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  return a list of paths to appropriate core directories .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if an object exists .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  a helper to keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the l2 projection of a projection basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  validate if a ipv4 address addr is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to check the decorated functions against cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  return a list of song subtitles .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  closes out after node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load lh .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue for the specified quantity .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  returns an input variable with a thrift_file argument .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  a decorator that facilitates the arguments are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing a local non-editable from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pass in the gpg database for the given gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  call a function argument .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  check for changed in the given .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple view that returns an http view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  maps to network object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  returns true if the system is potential system of a system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  returns the chain of all values of c{d} as a dict .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return the minimum way to be used in the def .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  adds some items to assigned including the xml node .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator to mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  register an entry from a named named key .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  splits a class into a class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  should be used as a tensor .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove the logged-in manager .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a given vm is tied to a list of vagrant .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  validate a glob authentication key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of valid errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  creates a temporary file that will import the given path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  provides the current location of an instance .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the data on which the clipboard will be used by the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check a list from a list .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  escape non-ascii characters in string according to the minimumdistance .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project which is via its acl or its acl .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  builds the migration feature that the given migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge multiple sorted keys into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  construct valid newly .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  get a datetime .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  return the notify value of an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down a module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes the increasing response from a string .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  get the version number on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set a android window where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return events to default events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compute the variance of the probability distribution of a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse an http python code string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  apply the impulse zeroth response using the given impulse .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  this function is called after a connection .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems to their side of rescoring .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  calling reuse & the same way as the metaclass .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  extract links from the given fields .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the def field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the string is a binary .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  corner the harris and variance of a given tensor image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from the given obj which used to be used for any callable .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  makes the response objects available for the given query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a loop to a media .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  return a list of python modules .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  when a user can delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host in the hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  items view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  build an dry email address from a specified target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  the new command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load scores from a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  needed for windows two ordinals returns a list of ordinals windows page = only depencency = u_t value for windows .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the given directory .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder hash of input .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  print list of commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  use name to use a continuous package name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  takes 3 images .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single locked forum in locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of file extensions for the system extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  keys a document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate given qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  returns the function name of a __init__ .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is used to return an type for imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url from the beginning of the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven this plugin allows the user to another build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom view function to demo button .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores plugin from the current plugin configuration .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  create a script expression from a string expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return unicode instance encoded by truncating .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test that text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that fn is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  determine if the object instance is a non sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  initializer : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify the number of zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of boxcox strings .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds the numa fit for a given instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests that the right compatibility function is set correctly .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  if failfast is not split correctly .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that the host mapping is valid .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  get the language-code to show header from http request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper method to create a base url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a set of tuples in the tree .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a custom post handler which updates the last_login tree of data to be read .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify knn from a given most common weight knn .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  computes the energy of n of n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore ext2 table names from db .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of font files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  builders variable summaries .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a casts from a referenceproperty into a numpy reference .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the given trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  maps a binary image to several times .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the list is a scalar object .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly with text in the none .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default values for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  apply validation to dispatcher method .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure that the parent directory can be used to remove the state .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip view .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get revision revision based on append .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def field_type .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return the list of all cuboids .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wrap a function so that it gets called in a shell argument is flexget .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns model timeouts dictionary of length to layer 3 .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute the leading monomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the name of the current instance .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n lines .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  filter limited based on graph that are provided by a node .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the left of a block that is a positive integer in the list of integers .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a configuration from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  set the global app for the contact .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dummy resource protector .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  compile a leaf polynomial path fit into applicable path parameters expr : bool or bool .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  cloexec password of user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  nose a generic override override the device to override an imported action button .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  cache is not set .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of traffic server configuration files .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to get value from a node dict .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find the directories from filename .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove one or more python tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that a list of an object is a applicable string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a graph .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return val .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm send rvm for rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface from the rd constraint that are inside 0 .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  returns the wsgi pony instance .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  uninstalls a folder and return its modification .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for a mailchimp list to be unregistered .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if a given image path is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start a locale for this user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  :nth-last-of-type() -> connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get instructortask for a given instructortask entry in the given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user for the given course invoice .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config file to use for writing engine .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  wrap 128 with a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  base pprint for all functions and module .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  converts a scalar scalar to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a slugify with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  given two toc operations .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  split the number of files into a list of status files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a lazy collections for tests .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  convert a uri to a valid uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate a connected component of the graph g in edge list .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns a list of templates in the directory .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  helper function for copy_reg to combine them based on the reverse of the methods in a class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler estimator between the target and target_image .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_device service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the migration longitude of the earths to julian julian date .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  unregister a nullhandler logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add data to email .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of distance interval for an interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler reference from a release list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return the maximum value of the minimum along the given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which applies the retrying to sgroup function .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan of a turan model .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with given filename and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials to the repo metadata .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  check if worker is workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  check if a link is any of the compiled marketing marketing marketing names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the current description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint for the files .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get hourly used for self-serve the self-serve used .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with specified labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  defines event on twos outputs .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure that the specified vm is running on the system .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  raise a helpful message and raise a typicalmemoryerror exception .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  convert a value using a text and gevents gevents .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance of the same instances .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  to retrieve a new github user .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  open the passed button using a characters; button .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign rating to instance if the dynamic instance is set .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test that get_user() starts with initialized by the overholt in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for prior pth of a pathname .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks the function as being exempt from the mode of the function .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for a test if condition is bench .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  finds the structure of all courseware with courseware in the tabs .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert raw iosync analog input value to lux value .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a list of that matches the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on the system cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number for jinja error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if proxies is running under python code .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to update sphere .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  provides a function which will use for the hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and save its initial process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the gamma gamma from list of seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none if it cant be found or not found .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  normalize an image to a file .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a random asset key for generated asset outputs .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest tag of the git release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  completely removes the local logrotate script .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command to determine if it is greater than reverse .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  returns a list that is the query that match any element of the given list .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve a class to attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert fontsize values to two-dimensional unit .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  add a wsgi application used to the response .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups and the groups of the given user .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run tests for the provided test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the resource from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check whether the node is higher this is an instance and after a function higher .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  verifies and returns an httpresponse .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  sha hash verify the uploaded digest of the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single method to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the operating system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns the number of votes an object with the given content slug .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an iterator over the numbering of a substring .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  return the store name of the master config file .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create a eeg average measure for a given reference .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  rotate a polygon in a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine which allows us to use for logging .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given key to the given es key .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  return a list of dictionaries of the properties of the given state by priority .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  since urlencoded data in js .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get a query from the api resource .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a wsgi provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform the given numpy array to a list of values .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random amount .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the size of the entity to be imported .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  infer a value for the given layout using contiguous root .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop name of the property cibfile additional options to use cibfile instead of the live cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  sync the user for the email address typically one .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a 405 method that applies a 405 method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the base url for the given file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  get a host or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  return the pillar data .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  hosts file for malicious .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  query up to check if a user is installed .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a specific specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert absolute path to canonical dotted path portion of the dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  function to convert an language code to a format code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air switch .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  called when all commands as a point .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if text is a file-like object .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  this function is called from the class .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate a given sender id .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the docstrings of a class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the response cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the storage file descriptor .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the given property or crud property from the given sequence and removed by the episodes episodes episodes episodes .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert the number of times the json score to json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  test some code of keyword .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  creates the path of all modules in the given path .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ips .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  adds nested sorted list to a flat index .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that have been modified .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a string to be converted into a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns true iff the user has wiki been wiki for the course wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file or directory to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository changelog from a repository changelog repository changelog revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the xml element of an element with the given content or tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - for completed answers - just editable by the create name .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  tests if a number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are distinct .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator that converts a oauth message to a decorator .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a wsgi xml file if it contains an iterator .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask by a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  performs a 2d sigmoid graph on each node of a sorted expression .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of valid buffers .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child revisions for the revision .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  check two strings and return true if two profiles are equal .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the budget_bundle_kit status of a nvp object .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler for review requests .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks if a function is valid on a system .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new api key cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  adds the current extra classes to an existing model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  return the message and the structure object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns element with first item in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if given technique is a query parameter .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  process for a xblock .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  returns a function that can be used with a a new-style method .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open or specified cover based on locks .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: manager this function is called in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides whether the graph g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns corrected data dir for distance merging no bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install packages using easy_install .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert a textual instance to allocations .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a set of models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return a support to be used as a background task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  mark the given users dashboard activity stream as last time .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  check that an individual operator is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get more topology from rendering .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and return a datetime .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  convert the first element to last element of the data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  determine if a rule is an expression .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  given a key from the acceptable registry name the name of the user to remove a specific registry .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes a draft version that is published and create a location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check whether the user is a specific key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  build a library or framework using the gpg subcommand .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  returns a mysql search for a term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header and return a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  return a list of megacycles .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has an operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  print out the given course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  urlparsed a dataset using the middle rules and converts a successful image into the output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in a polynomial .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota device to its local device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  preprocess 0255 for construction .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  create a new property in the given zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get the inset path with the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  reads the current userprofile file .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  forces a prefix to a string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  apply the affine transform from an affine image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the line number for the message .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open a file to a temporary file on the local web node .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a list of connectivity in the compute layers .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  returns a list of tests in python objects .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  does the key contain a dictionary of strings .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns euclidean distance between vectors in the vectors distance and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a queryset of english .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  convert an object to a list of lists .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the path to the yaml credentials .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  delete oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix in translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the api info from the flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a percentage of relative pieces for a given system .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an email in a registration .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random svd .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of the jaccard similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an http url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  distplot-specific are strip(s) if the supplied comment is a value .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send pull from email from email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if a node is a valid affinity .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  degrees are the network .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set the label_tag for the dict of 2 .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an http response object from an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial standard normal loglikelihood .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise top-down if unknown type is unknown .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  sets the frequency of the given element to the frequency document .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using the bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return memory usage information for the named group cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to change article? of article to one of its own groups? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr its associated addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update the agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct method name for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return values when debugger is passed .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize application with relevant .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  get the scheduled function for the pull request using the api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates the admin url for an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  parse tuples and groups in a list of short values .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  make sure test is used to corresponding states and set state .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a users brands or a user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  get the unix address on a host .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture which provides a headerchecker class for tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given loops .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  traverse a list of child traverse results in the order .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the original usage: of an existing one .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a random data with random @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate a new coolmagicapplication instance that is ssl reference to the valid templates .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  view that returns the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image to be a scales image .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  writes out the data to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  get the calendar object for a calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting a specific filename into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  return the sequence of stack n .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges merges merges a list of errors that merges the specified sort .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  create a *l1* matrix that is a logarithm of two numbers .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  a decorator to bind a row method anchor .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the hashable node in the expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the rms .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  check that the score is valid and can be a min score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two objects .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are invalid and wont lead to directory .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  save lower generic stats from cartesian mean .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a wsgi response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the probability function at x .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return more info via a site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  perform a lambda function docstring .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert elements of the pixels to the python number .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  performs torrent seeds on a string .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of resource names from the given database .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a sequence of items to a list of their items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() system .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on the system cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a string with the siphash24 classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  context manager that changes the given profiling profiling during a with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies the document_pb to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a relative url from a short platform name .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  creates a partition to a device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set basic auth and password .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra arguments into a list of strings .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check a deprecation arguments .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover the absolute path of the test module in the given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorated unittest test if test is true or not .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the requested header of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the quteprocess .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  get a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two memory a .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add an ssh public key to the public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  create a resource file plugin .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  get the courses gradebook page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decodes a file from an path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  computes the actual drange of a drange .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  step that enables a file with this filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a full path for the pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a unicode string if it is a unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  choose_port() returns an instance of the given port number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns whether value is a currency attribute for currency party .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named value is absent name the name of the state of the user to remove user to connect .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate input is compatible with error .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  read and return the contents of a file in a receipt .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  called when user is logged in .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as an eval call .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the datetime of the certificate in cert_file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  returns the hermite interpolation for a 1d set of 1-d system .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms manager for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract an ordered dictionary from a key/value dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dict with keys specified as dictionaries with dask .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns the area of the first list of rectangles into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an image scale from a header in a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of the most recent version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  check that our our default .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if actver is a version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert an iterator of bytes to a enbedded key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  return a random thrifttasktrackerstatuslist object .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is is is is is is is is is second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  common revert to y in a polynomial using subresultant order .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the content of the path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  classes classes passed in classes and old-style classes the old-style classes passed to the characteristics .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a decorator for a test .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the name of the package in init .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name from the catalog metadata .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  convenience function to verify the given func can be read .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  group results of a covariance matrix parameters results : str .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  update a user in email or access .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller for hr types .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check state .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  escape a list of users that are suitable for inclusion in a similar to .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  collects the immediate chain that should be assigned to the vdi .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a list of arrays to serve in the local audit reason .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes a property that has an re .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg link to a file .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  utility method to retrieve group id from a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns a dict without tags .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  websocket document generator .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  if return a specific user cli examples: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if the filename matches the correct file .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single key .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  inverse of a = garbage .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder chocolatey order with ~ .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the names of the roles and their type .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  find a group id and return the empty string .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display user string .
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be made of an interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  net string for maximum .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  retrieve a python signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns the path for the given script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill the notebook dependencies .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics over normalization otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  this is an argument which returns true if the first argument is not a protocol .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  set the tag release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return string encoded as a part of a path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates the datastore views on a package .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  recreates a list of indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the theme is associated with the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list to a numpy object .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes for a column .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get whether or not a string value is a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator to declare a bunch of receivers to a particular call .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the base returns the given model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  return the approximate memory at d with optional keys removed .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  an event view to handle templates .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python 3 arguments .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all handlers for a log handler .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  scrub a parameter handlers .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_positions works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant api functions to the vagrant base class .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when exception occurs .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a list of tokens or a sqlite token used to parse a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a matrix to be used for the given size .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for methods that are known to modify a value on the methods or after a test .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  get a 1-sized list of polynomials .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  returns true if the given html content is a valid html header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  retrieve a comma-separated column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a line of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a test if the command is unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the recursive substitution for rotate points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available via the installed libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return what letters are two mount point on the first trace from a string .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a manual flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get group type access for given id .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image using cumulative distribution .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  set a key value for cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  unicode-safe base64 base64 api only talks number .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a formatted digest of a given key in a dict .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create the pid of the named process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of parsed config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume group is in a given manner .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  returns silent counts for yesterdays .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates random number of bits as returned by this module .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return a dict with unique members for a given class .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a nested tuple that is a nested tree structure .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function to run the auth api .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that item is in the order .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  scheduled branch .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  context manager to stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  indicates the rendered preview preview .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for all collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the hash of a url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  return a dict describing all volume_types .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg is being used as cg .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros translation files to a fif file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses timestamps from the given interval and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional conv model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  creates a 2d list of rows for each column .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns a function to be used on a log file .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  compute view function measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  starts a python input from a thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery ping to determine the celery event loop in the slaves .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the complex with an pair in the rest_sample .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a file descriptor for a given filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if the block contains lines of variables .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with recommendation for use with tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds data to the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a list of column names to a dictionary .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until the page has completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by weeks examples .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the additional with a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict that is nested by the dirty dirty dict into a flat dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a tuple according to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  convert a lhs string to its simplest lhs .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  a view that sends an email to the user .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that falling should be coerced to null target .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value is a positive integer or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  raise a warning header that contains microversion header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort has been modified .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  return the intersection of a source file .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  get a resource data by key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  test numpy data for a positive representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  create a dict with the specified handler from the current request .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a w2p .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique enough .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  translates a us should be an entity literal string into an entity .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that skips a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  performs a shell server on a given system .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns whether the path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the file .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  inserts an xml file to the client .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print a standard error code .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system (same as a string .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns list of blacklisted converts blacklisted to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add beveled from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  after trimming distribution from one end of the passed array distribution from within a single array of = p_i .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  apply a function which manipulates to signals .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for methods that are memoize against a given class .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  redirect to the current user .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a page handler for the custom custom view .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  fetches the urlnode .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  helper function to load a session session from a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  given a queryset of text .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data to another file .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  returns a list of blacklisted and macro-like files .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if the directory is an ipython base class .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  return a list of absent zones in the given module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses iso 8601 build .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return a cloud signal for the current process .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a class: v4 .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  this is a helper function for a set of points for x .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test passes when logging a qt_log_ignore message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a best parameter value .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  return true if string is an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a vector to a icrs matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  parse twitter dance and request an oauth dance and request .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  return the web browser web device .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compute the total stack and import the corresponding order .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use the given word to print it as a string .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  return the internal component of the device cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  return all valid and its tags .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  a class decorator to apply a clsid to a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns the directory component of a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str return the opposite version of a string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  parse the location of a http response .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new twisted .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get drawing name for updater .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return whether or not a file starts with a path .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  plot axes axes from a specific ipv6-address .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  method used by printing the message editor to a html editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  given a url string .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize the leading coefficients .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  create a certificate details .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a queryset of fan to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a menu class for a instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  maps an condition to the appropriate condition if the condition is a no-op .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  create the binary file object that maps ifname to a workaround file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this method takes a string and begin the results for s6 .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  responds to a specific configuration .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create a stonith via stonith command stonith name for the stonith changes to the stonith thrift-546 having to use cibfile command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plots a subplot results for each image .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- model and writes it to the beginning of the reason on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces in the table with trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  runs an event on all nodes in the given event .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  in the equation .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the given user can access the descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that strong mail have an messages .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  output the data from functions and kwargs as a dict .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the current instance is web .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  raise a fake roles with the given roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep only desired ids .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load a single frame for a file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate a given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  string to change api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version from a package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that line errors correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  request a ['ipmi from the specified * network name the name of the state to assign ['ipmi .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  returns the bracket that a document has a first order: .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  eagerly evaluate f(a) .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  context manager to change the execer of a test .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  except inserts .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  list the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs inline type correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the element is a valid element .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether a new jobflow or not .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the sha1>: directory .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decodes string base base64 to hex .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  check that all mailchimp values except the given course and have any received list .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return ceph version cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a module object for the given module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user to the last user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging language config object .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge destination into the value of destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert rgb components to decimal .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a command in a given stdout .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  import an xml tree structure .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  arguments are valid parameters from function .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from metadata service .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  turn on the logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  return a sorted list of resource from the current subdirectory .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug around the bounding box to draw a rectangle around the bounding box .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  test having a table with twoline and read it returns .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of extension .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from the specified template file and return a configured template from the given file-like object .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return the same result as a gaussian resource .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all child and attributes from a given attributes .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data integrity token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a given address to logger .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new typestr check .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown a node and node the traffic_server process on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes the given string for inclusion in a url .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through a format that format is at the end format for a specified format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of compatible channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a helper to return an registered structure for a patch of pytest values .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check whether a node is currently valid subscription .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  call this function via notification subscription .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  creates temp directory for dataverse which will create the temp directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of indentation .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache storage class .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  reads a configuration file for ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts with the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  controller to handle all gis in the country - used by the map .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  initialize the module as when the first null mute .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns proper and path to the incron .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert raw .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get a query object from a remote model name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return nagios plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to decorate a test if two given model .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring on a node cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  evaluates a cdf .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  sets the post request to the post code .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle widget in a confirmation .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  emits the problem_weighted_score_changed signal sent by enqueueing when a subsection task has been updated with the v2 task .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help from a help header .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  for miscs currently in the simplified assistant .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given filename and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  return a service name that will be used to restart cases in the service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  wrapper around djangos tracebacks .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  create a new copy of entries from the provided arr .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add a k[x] polynomial at a given domain .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  a version of django .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  format status of github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts a service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a sorted window in a sorted expression .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper method for common command-line arguments .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  force django to find the most appropriate views on the given page .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags from code .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  within a graph initial node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert ipv6 address compressing on the provided interface to printable representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  test that delimiter does not raise valueerror .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test key_dependency .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a 2d x into an rgb image .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like warn .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any options that will run traffic .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  produce a linear chart using donut <bokeh .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real id to real and brocade it .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial are equal .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named group .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path is an tarfile path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return or truncate random hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick only the channels and selection of a directed operator .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  perform static factors on a string .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller to the current qbytearray summary spec to the existing qbytearray .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  changes the directory to an monitordir host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  apply a new backoff to the retry .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information about the bash server whose content is a scalar .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the version string for the current locale .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator to run a linear list of functions of a function examples .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager to protect when there are protect plugins in a threadsafe .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for a given corresponding to the string .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  split an iterable of given list of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  explicitly fail on the given status code .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  autostartup module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks the given token name to be stored .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the cassandra that connects it used primary dynamic from the viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from an lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  python implementation of the newtons thread .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a qos to a :class:pyramid .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the absolute path of the paths to assert that file .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given best is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  iterate over a task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  convolve a list of items or more than one .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  look for a certain model .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays whether time is on or off if supported :return: the system time is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a keys from git .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  split an object as followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a specific firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  implement range of the sample and a performance of the sample dimension .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  return a new repo instance .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the actual url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  apply a function using a specified convolution operation .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return whether the given i{sigchld} is deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  enter the osx or launch using osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  function to convert a finder into a fully-qualified package if the target directory path .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  this function calculates the layer .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  signal for sigint .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of an eip .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load given plugin from the file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name server to be enabled .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for tests .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  the fragment in a shorter .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing maximum weight .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image by a list of integers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns a string representing the name of the attributes in the specified number .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler compiler for the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prints and returns a tuple .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the file size for a given size .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  generate nodes by the given statement on the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  moving average calling nonzero .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a list method to rotate a minimum labeled polynomial .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  turn a branching rule into an expression .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates a last index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  join the host string .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  save a restructured record for an audio record .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in supported settings .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration to the specified filename .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  returns a unittest test suite for the provided unittest test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  restart the announce .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to make a fake fake fake found .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the provided repository changeset files in the provided changeset revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  make the same way .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian info about the bayesian likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  dummy variable for python .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile an expression to the appropriate command line .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  since discrete discrete up to entity up with the admins .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  retrieve the reference : empty object .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that wraps recursion .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  always return a bunch of the given string indicating that peers .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the table of the first opened to the given width .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  construct an array of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  convert a value to an integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a thrift object from a given page object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  handler for limit_choices_to .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get metadef object or raise if it or object doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes partial autocorrelations of sample vectors dm: by a given color .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  sets the user-agent version of the django cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return true if positive is prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called in a coroutine to display the browser box .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  produce a path to a user where the admin registry is kaufman .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  if output is an error .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse an character sequence for a character source .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a string to a sequence of bytes .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  destroy -> test .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dict with the specified options .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  parse val and convert to its string .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the country code is deduplicate .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a file down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a particular operator are supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all implement manager .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  this method prints the tty to tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check to make sure that unofficial is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array of values of the specified axis .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add build arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check whether env should always be escaped by the os x instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple simple simple app the url of the server manager webapp timeout : url the server manager webapp timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  individual an approximate smallest catalog from a catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  returns absolute path if there is no items in path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  cleanup after the test receivers of this signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show if a given page of the given page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x by applying dummy variable considering to facilitate n-dimensional dummy variable for group sums .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given ops .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  invoke a file path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  identify peaks matching the given peak dict .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  replacement for xunit .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an event .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download the results of a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to start a function in a module .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the given file and return a l{sol} object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tries to convert a list of characters to a string .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read application bytes from the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  joins a and b into a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  a decorator that ensures that the methods in the db sync is not a protected sync .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect a signal as exact map from a given signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  test single axis for a given frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated replcement is deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list all public versions .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  an --> version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  full revision should result .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  group groups into lists of size groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return whether or not a file is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list and return a list of arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user has ban cleanup as spam .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dictionary with mapping data for the given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the given contents of a make sure the given text is in the given json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test that all duplicates exist in the x-www-form-urlencoded directory are no tests .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return a list of entries .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a list of flagged items for a users .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  sample an integer with samples drawn from the normal distribution at the given interval .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  a function for benchmarks .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert x to decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the largest largest first largest first largest degree .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation site .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates a datastore datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  initial callback used to convert the db requests into the authentication .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  parses time zone time string back into seconds .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that specifies scikit-image of authorization views .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  returns a list of standard include directories in the given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a new tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert a string argument to a list .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  returns true if the linux module is an mounted on the linux .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  returns a list of the most common time in active that the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a bundle name to a postgresql bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  return a temporary directory path to a temporary file .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic credentials from a http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check grammar methods for bad manual .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is using os x .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is a string .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the api with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates the observation of all cyclic rules for a certain period .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  view for show grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return standard language code for the given language .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns configured xml attributes for datastream .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine whether values are equal within a given source .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential permanences number of seconds to the dest .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds initial kernel to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping to determine which hosts are up promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again value for an element .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  skip the test if the named object does not exist .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a fresh fresh key names and the value of a key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  returns an iterator over the elements of a file .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around %} .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup config file .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  return the python data systems from the system .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress compressed data on the fly .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create a dependency with an javascript source and restore it in the virtuals .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test sanity checks .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  copies a file from the filesystem to the specified device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  reads a single medline dict from a renewal config .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts unicode strings to bytestrings .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate instance of a collection of 'n/a'if .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper method to synchronized templates .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list keyring for a specific auth cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  generic handler for resetting the json-encoded function .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current active result of a given password .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns disk size in linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  returns a list of included services .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return information about a dict of poudriere .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  list folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast sparse matrices to dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until condition is true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  returns the output of the vm .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  call expected example: .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to apply a class to a class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp kb for the given interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available perl modules cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a file to a string .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  tcp tcp methods to custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  get elementnode from the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  that are not equal as spawns a group that contains the post data and should be rearranged .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a test model for use in tests .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the currently loaded via urllib/urllib2 .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a binary string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : expression | expr | expr le .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value a method that a method the given precision to the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a rule from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  finds the input arrays in each arrays of the arrays starting from each shape .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the position of the word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  convert the string of an c{int} .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets a system rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  given an entity type or domain .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the gradient of evoked data .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  generate circle gradient with only the value of a given coordinates .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a pep 302 node for the given target .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  this view creates a url for a bokeh 1-d value .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for the given request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return an initial load and return the load data .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the classification longest longest array with the same results and right results .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the contact which the authenticated user is currently active .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications that indicate the given notification notifications .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used for outputting vote output to check if those that used is very used for other .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  transforms a pil/pillow image into an floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn an iterable into a nested dictionary of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  check if a url is ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font listing .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string and a template path .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  converts any uri into containers that might be used in .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  returns a boolean to ensure numpy is valid .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y linear linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the actual info for this cluster .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  if exclude_names is not none .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url string for an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  with a list of users that the given user has not been initialized with no permissions .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  distance between and .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  given a model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transforms the given property to the form .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  helper method for creating a variable creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  returns whether the user can delete the review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the url can connect to a network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  this function will return the number of workers in the database .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the terminal and 10 terminal text .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom method used by returning the year and the replaced returning a year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates a exits to a zipfile .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th mean from a number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove generated files .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  compiles a soap fault based on the result of the same character .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return detailed information for a particular vm cli example: .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  wrapper for the introduction .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get nested out of nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image object from pil file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  return the longest common substring in a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field named plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  release media instance from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of file names found on the minion .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  returns the list of processes running pids of a network device .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  retrieve all enabled services .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test pytables .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of units with unit defined units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  makes a 405 exception .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  signal the value of a server configuration .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  shell a v is a version of the length of x .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test for label of label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the widget entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to an existing state .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets the about the about the given service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given line has a regular expression .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the map of an object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  create an array of where the device is like device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return a string code from code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  load a template from the source file for loading .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  replace extra whitespace inside of a string with a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum labels of the values of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle images on the discovery b1 .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  call the given function inside a method call .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete keys .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a join stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  run an action on a kinesis app .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message to a server .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of objects of the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a list of entities to be used in a given dict of custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  check hooks for given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns format tuples .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  only the redbull service is available .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a regression declare to declare unicode steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  handler for processes and write the output to the console .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a sqlalchemy resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter out all errors in s .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize points from points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  generate struct_declaration_list proposals that a image at an imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test custom build .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the total flag of the given command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a node to a node cli example: .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  test the last access path of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new profile .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  this function prints an event that can be used by a given response name .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  an exception raised for l{banana raised .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the data from the given protocol and return it .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  fix any data keys in the modules that contains a single python dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  converts a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  a decorator that performs a view with acl to restricted content .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute md5 hash of the dict passed in .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score and save timestamp for each feature in sparse matrix .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary string into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run a shell command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the insteon sensor platform .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end up to end .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  returns norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  same as check_required but for a list of indices .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  given a list of values for each element in the course values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  use this is designed to numbered the numbered for numbered .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  moving average polynomial g from f and labeled .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the equivalent of the given vector .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones in cloud profile .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create qr file from a file-like object .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list with the provided services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  configures up to put a remote url to app engine .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a c{b{result}} function to sign an hdf5 instance .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip the first newsgroup .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email to the given course .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj which can be used to encode them .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  encodes a binary string to utf-8 encoded .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the first files in the given build .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string to html .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  try to get a list of devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parse the ldd expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new wsgi server listening to ssl instances .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  walk a nested path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  given a minimum_grade_credit user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that an object is a method name .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  print a single header for stdout .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  dumps items in a dict .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return value for which predicate in seq .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a management command to settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return markdown contents of markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to check if method is assigned to a test .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image with the given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator which causes a certain attributes for a certain call .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  creates the db table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns the python modules .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  run the command line interface .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check if a given environment exists on the system .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports from a given port .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if all links are found .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  string includes a specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  run a eix script .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  store expression examples in expression examples .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert the given date .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns default extension as a floating extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the cost cost of the given undirected .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  compute the number of all base cliques in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously in a transaction .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid from the request .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  read the access id for the given path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split an iterable into list of nodes .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function returns the distances to matplotlib curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the text level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting u .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if enum is a valid s3 name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers the given handlers to be constructed for auto handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random key from the given key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  it computes the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special feature matrix that is a sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host that will be free with a host .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase with the given endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  given a category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns random hex value with provided number of hex characters .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  registers the support with the keys in the blanks .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get attribute statistics for a given layer by name .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  load up an executable data that was tested backport after the current module .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url this should be tested minimally here .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create two blocklist from a directory .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a cluster has a given value should be followed by a node only can only be run on a node with a node name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask for custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine norm .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  for roles which simply wrap a given feature hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns the path to the management module .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  returns the total resetcycle from the tree .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file parameters m : bool if true .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get doc permissions for given doc and inbox .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the path to the updatevmx .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if this is available on this system .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as deprecated .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  returns a detailed task status .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to a column .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  check if the current transaction is not a value .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test glcontext for 2x2 2x2 functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  sends a new email to the queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the notification data for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a list of supported items from a json file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests in the given test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the file system path .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  retrieve the image from the numa image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to add eliot-based items .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort the elements of an iterable .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  delete users by name cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  iterate over a source code .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a semi and a tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  return the number of antidivisors that are zero in the polynomial examples .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test vi condition for vi mode .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the normal discrete cosine transform of the bw scott .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  sends a set of cuda objects by device in a given device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list from flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  given a python data .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  make sure that the given figure is closed .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  replace $meta .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  write an error to disk error .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  returns the package ids that the given package ids is mpkg .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get the pyo file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  finds nested values which are in the nested dictionary with a username .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase page for saving .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime string to a datetime object -> tuple representing the iso8601 formated .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  create the version of the lazy instance .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range request header into a tuple .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric value for the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a header dict .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a sequence of arguments .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event search query based on matching location .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  determine whether a datetime is a utcstr timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  implement a linear crud or real matrix for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  create a vector of variable with zero elements .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a models which can be used to corresponding to the features for tests .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock service for the current thread .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return greyscale morphological autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to the specified alert .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a string containing a single safe key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return whether the given datetime object has older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a model contains a allowed model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  helper function to check if a type is a valid type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts valid fields from a given tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  return central outputs of a given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return *filename* encoded in *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  computes the sink ordering of a node .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  check neutron status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  callback method to ensure a user is an future .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extract the value from a segments id string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision string for a currency with the given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  returns the cost cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the first joined from this function .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  create the internal log for all handlers .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  returns the dict of the config object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare two statuses for comparing a pair of checking .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return signal handler which is readable by n .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of a univariate sequence .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the arguments has any requested arguments to respond to the context .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add or create a temporary delay confirmation .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  return a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  retrieves a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a dict of attribute which is true .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a file or a repository to a repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty fields after primer header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a models .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of items as a list .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for the specified app .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the current values in the package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value into an array of schema or schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  replace all slashes in text with their corresponding unicode entities .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  if given sequence is a traditional secret_key .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get information about available memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color in the domain .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  convert a hex string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png canvas for the given matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the given command using async .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns an array of ones with same shape and dtype as ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page on a function .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  creates or userforeignkey in tomcat .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes directory to migrations in the same manage .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return labeller integer less than or equal to symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update gdp_yoy .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a topic notification to eventlet .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert names to invoke tag .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  remove the command text and return its reference as a text .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  get the actual error code based on a status code .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and jk loops from a convex loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  show plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide the restful alert for a given alert .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  run a series of data while preserving is either a series of data or popup .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up after possible incomplete test runs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  import an object by name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test for pairs of proportions for pairs of proportions for pairs of pairs for proportions .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  helper to get a git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method of coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to be used in methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a random value given a dask graph .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  assert for diffs among the tp instances in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  reverse of the first character which is as a string .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for an element to become active .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the exact crap code to the given code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  return true if the connection variable is the same way as the current request .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of fairness .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes nexusport binding from the switch .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in a list .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  get more than a more connections .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  build and return conversion .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a opengl configured to search in the order specified in rfc manager .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  test if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  draw an rotation matrix based on the size and size .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create a triple structuring element for a data segments .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a constant version of constant data .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  registers an api feature to the named api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the clustering in the clustering of a clustering in end of prediction .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  finds the jid_dir for the current thread .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the specified function used to mark a specified shape as a tuple .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with the given amount of space .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of names for the given undeclared or names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return nibbles encoded character .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return random openshift key for a given secret .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  generate population of the topic .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function to use a step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  retrieves a list of routine actions that occur in a given directory .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  determines whether the expiry time should be expire .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  tests that we can remove a quantity with a time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy for resize integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  provide a testversion specification for removing decoded .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  returns a decorator that indicates every argument passed in a mounted method .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service unpublish the specified properties on a local port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette with color details .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  check if parent is present and class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the text interfaces for a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if the point is actually after a given point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements in iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  multigroup similar functionality for the visible sample inputs based on the results of the polar model .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the key can be known for this branch .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  probability density of a feature matrix parameters x : ndarray .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information and return dictionary in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  skill types controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  commit a commit hash of the given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns the results of a model .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return memory memory index of the values in the array of indices .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given argument types .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  build an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type from the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - print a port with the port a port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts any urls in a url into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child element is in root .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate g for g parameters g : graph a networkx graph encoding : int number of lines in gexf .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  return a text file corresponding to the device .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new ip address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function at a given lane .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  generic function to return data .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a new loop in a loop .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run pep8 headers .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete interface .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list with names for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple of the content-type header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return if the first common code is a minimal bsgs bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given hyper .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  splits a list of sentences into .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  collects all objects of a given objects as the same push .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses a uri uri into a tuple of uri parts .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the value of an integer n .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  call a function with args so it can be used within a wanting .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse a list of deseq2 activity by the corresponding two lists .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated sentences from a full-text coordinate .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the amount of attributes of the given file .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a sample from the sample .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encodes a string to a short .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  python 2 .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  show the given path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  aggregation implementation of x .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  uses hex values to convert hex eigenvalues .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns a tuple of compose .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level to which a phone level belongs .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for a division-by-zero file .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively collects a path which will be used to find the parent contents of the test .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata time .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call a test with given function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the adapter name of the current instance .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname name to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is a host and index in the range [0 .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a decorator that can be used to generate a query query for a model .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  computes all valid properties that are not needed to write an entity .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and unescapes fields into parts .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  tags are parsed correctly .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the description of the email for a given params .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate keys from page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the field meets the given field or category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dict from parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a class out includes the same fields as the responses .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like output .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by cylindrical .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for existing facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encodes a string into a native encoding .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  generate the returned module for the given clone .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  dynamically creates a command line on a given host .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decode an fvwi fvwi for multiple rotations .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure that no optimized can be available .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for a given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test stockwell .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack is first .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  builds a low-level client .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a par2 chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current filesystem name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones master of git status .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  emit up snapshot .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  define a tag or registers a http trace .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test it can download a wheel .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  call this method with arguments and including the parser argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  creates a autogenerated model or fields for a given model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach the cd specified by the vm to each host .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  error code should not return an ogr .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns the description of the indicated vcenter .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict with the keys of the provided dict .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts the condition of condition is not soon .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out currently playing out of the currently playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the location for the kinesis directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string of strings into a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  checks if pep8 is in list of strings .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  returns a login to the given job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  helper function to insert streams from a single stream of read_user_dict .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  return the arithmetic count for count items in the specified album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the id of the output table cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a string representation of a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return the symmetric matrix of the symmetric group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  custom environment to build a environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return the since first node is not a string .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  provides a string containing the name of the line containing the given subject name .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  adds two words from a sentence .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a value from an object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary chuang function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of p and private bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from a boolean .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  base the directory where the base should expire .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  check whether a filter is set .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo interface .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for a given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush the logger and log them to the logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the number of distributions from a total notes: .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  compute the monomial match between a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints all of the timeseries names .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a mapping of new-style mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  version of the given command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a certain methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  applies a 1d bit of data from a data structure .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this returns a url for the given block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the smallest for the given op to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  returns a list of term into a referrers string .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports an exploit path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update index .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for wrapping tests .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by ascending the mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random http sessions .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian density function of the given vector and y .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator for a handler .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  converts a string to intword .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  validates a string representation of a lval .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  retrieve all the ubuntu for a module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cast a unicode object to unicode .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  wrapper to force a remote branch to pull a pull request .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this view is provided in the request and provided controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  decorator to enforce that redirect resource is enabled in a view .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  a helper to return the national significant number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches development request .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands out which are not installed .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  this function is used to deal with a minimum side .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  compute the rest of a collection .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  render the redirection login page .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign coordinates to llst .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer array .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a small expression with a widget derived from a specified expression .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  convert a list of strings to a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send an image object to the specified api .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  similar to :(%) autocorrelation but returns a threadsafe autocorrelation .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the last character of a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse the arguments to a list of arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn an array into a random uint8 uint8 uint8 .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns the matrices of n x n .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return the list of sql statements .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates that value is a string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a handle file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  returns a function used to generate a serial enough .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic as a cubic approximation to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parses a string and return a notebook object .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message to a given category .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  monkey-patch an attribute for several objects .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  used to transform unpickling tags to htmlentity .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape html characters to json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance group from gce .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  construct absolute path based on current package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  sets global console action to be used for every flash .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  prepare the quote version of a quote .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print header line .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load the list of file .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster and the hcluster features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  get the number of available chapter .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the cache durations of settings for this settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  set the cloudtrail .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote -> abc%20def each part of a url .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extracts the current revision from the current stack version file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check that something that have idle idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the following the reporter on the class .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parses a response and parse it down .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete key .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  returns a specific check class based on the provided check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value that sets the current values in the given string internal use the options: .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  creates the assets dir for the given device .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test if full text search is full search string .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a checking with a simple view and index .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  if the version is mount .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of the users model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup from the given source file .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key for the set of notebook modules .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple row function to get a encoded parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will enable the contents of the block if the block has not equal to .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  creates a fake project to be overwritten by the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that order with order children of taxes has taxes taxes class .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  f: a given object and return true if *obj* is host .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  returns the path of the mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get distance segment from the segment and end of a segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  returns the url string from a regex .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  isfile -> get_ha1 .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the specified line to the beginning of the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncates primer fasta filepath .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list all genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a sequence of functions .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the deletion back to the end of deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  return an array of --disableexcludes to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests retrieving a single user is retrieved with a single username and then calling the magic object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  converts a python hash to a list of regions and wont are on the side of cooperative .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  replaces the signature of a template .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points for the given locations .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  convert a percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is devisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path with floats leading the path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used to generate the process field for the given pid file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the name of the module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  converts a string value to a valid 8-bit string .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create a link to a search_service_pb node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of an array .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  extract the first exception from the stack trace .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  tomcat to use on the os .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a backing device to a cache set if no dev is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert text into an opcode instance of text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run a command in a given shell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples for which obj is true .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test cases of environment variables which can accept markers .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique libraries installed libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  details a specific image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns a new method instance attached to the api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a 32-bit integer into a byte .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create new tarball .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return string of bytes in string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve a path to the resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete an email .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  returns a class like @type used to serialize a bytestring .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the current mindtouch .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality function that can be used to return a weighted graph .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files that come out of two files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute a power of product-of-spacings from a tri spline .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the number of megacycles used by this user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a file or directory to an egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the percentage of the current python dictionaries .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generates a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  delete orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems with windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that get_readable_fileobj is improved as base64 .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  example: then the size of a binary operator .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json format .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  the character in the powers headers .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  generates a sequence of random rolls random numbers and print a relational_expression .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  only return if python-etcd is on apcaccess .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of a databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  move the mavg .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper function to create a dictionary of bug-reports .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a clone clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  simple task to dump tracemalloc gc .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  blocks registration in given user for the given course_id .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  new value with zero elements .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  connect to the given set .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the standard service is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return the iterables number for a given iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get all instances for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression comma assignment_expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  function that return the colums of a input stream .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the basic bindings bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  given an argument .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the frequencies .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  returns a expresions tuple of an entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  helper function to mark an object as the specified category name and return it .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode python maxkey .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  wraps the context processors .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a noargs .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a freesurfer table from the shared string .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore list from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that value is compatible with the and prevent id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute of a path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return a list off available trainable ratings .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  returns a decorator that checks if a collection is in a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login device .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a string .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  decorate a function so it will create if the iteration are threads .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a configured hello plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  look up a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a prefix and a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries against sql entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  non-recursive all modules and files inside a file .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with status code which a dict of rediss code registration code page .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  given a list of symbol objects .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plotting of raw data .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block request .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test that a given status of all the views are created by the given views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns html with scene from a byte byte order .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a dictionary containing the path to the specified dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines input length of a convolution given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if a given name is equal to the right right protocol .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validates that the given plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for dev page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  see bug for bug whose page_writer_finalized can be used for two ccx .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  ask the user to select an prompts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check for a course on the given block in the course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test if arg is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the topic topic method not owner to one .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting itself .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  a class decorator used to register a new "name" .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  joins a path based on a list of items .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic message detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this function returns the directory of a file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize global so we can extend it with a initializedyaml .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value of the given key in the given store .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash of a file if it has a hash file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  builds a list of links in a given document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  turns a list of dictionaries into a set of dictionaries .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility from a polynomial in the case of a polynomial f .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a shell resource for the given source file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return an auth client .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address string .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  a generator for parallel .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the yeelight partitions .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return the current kafka random string .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of a list of bits .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle the signal handler for a basket delete on basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  returns the path of an music music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a pipeline timeout .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a int or smallest string of length n if a .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get the network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  generate random slices of a sequence .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string of the line number .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the query is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  formats a date according to the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full description of an page given a dictionary of the script .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  returns iterator over a list of integers .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to given with the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  write the actual log request .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  find user id and user id from uid .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  start ipython shell in a given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the station lights .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the name of the backend [instance] in the default key .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of dataframe objects from a list of triangular characters or limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of entries by layer the given list .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a generator to select an element selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a binary image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  multiply two matrices with sparse memory .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  construct a castra function from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first item in the hypertext file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper method to create a logout url for a logout url .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  retrieves the user name for the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return list of strings for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file name .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to text .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a xs:datetime reference which is needed for destroying of the specified reference .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that forces a view to become an view .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  takes a url and returns the fragment that contains the new one .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  return the machine key for the current registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns formatted base class from database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  create a subtitle .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  remove the given text from a list of word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  return the first key which will be used to mark functions as an argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return useless alloc for useless .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  mandatory mandatory mandatory device .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an iterator over the alternate xml output .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  simple example of how many tab has passed .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of images on the computenode name : boolean toggle .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  returns a relative url as a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  tuple of elements of a time-varying .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  edx fitting function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the folders that are created only the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  refresher decorator .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generates a simple example map for each of the given template .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x is in list and remove symbolic .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return indexes of indexes from a list of indices or 5-tuple posify .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite for the provided module .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity for the given thing if found .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the specified service cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checking for a single diskspace or dict of movement .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert lewiner to ints .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt the first code of the given code object .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  replacement for modules .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  vote or undo vote on a vote for a user .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the chordal cycle graph with the specified p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  upload a software object to s3 .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  function that processes show uptime from the show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the latest valid certificate names from a certificate .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object to a string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip file from a given file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named dns record name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parses a mapping of files and returns a dictionary of global values .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  returns the path to the current working directory .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return unicode representation of 8bit or unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password on the account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure the specified permission object is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  build a model into a boolean .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a module with the javascript source code .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  make sure that line numbers are not 0100 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  view used to test view that can be used as json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the given gf(p)[x]/(g) element of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray model .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace any percent-escape sequences in a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  return a multiline string .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status set for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  get a small line: from a fixed device .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  run the bokeh script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  make up a single block .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles with extensions in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  spectral an xml string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a 3d matrix in a 3d vertex graph containing the generalized components of order n and down the elementwise order of the nodes of the line containing nodes in
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like output .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters unconstrained : array of software operates : int the number of keywords for which are returned as .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path to basename with unequal in the form .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  method used to apply partial functions to args .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  check if the most appropriate language code is a babel locale for this server .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  helper for methods for base classes or method of an mro or order .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching pattern and intersects the substrings and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  returns true if the filename is an extension of a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders loncapa and minimal needs just two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  get information about available memory version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  check for a wiki page from a wiki .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the poisson pmf .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  returns the given response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return the amount of virtual machine memory in bytes .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified milestones of the milestones to be used in the specified milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  replace the entire model with pivot as a multiplier .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  finds the first argument of a function .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  a /-delimited or a proxy tool path for a proxy object .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts the exception body body to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  mask to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  used to split and return empty node .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code from a code and build a dict .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  set reorder sample names .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read text shape matrix from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with bytes from a http header .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print msg and optionally exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  a generator for compiling interpolation .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  from the start and encoded config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate nodes centrality for g .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  responds to a text .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple command-line program .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  from github issue #36 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a given release is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a connection to the auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if *uri* can be used .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean specifying the boolean values .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown text fields that a html layer-2 way to the given renderer .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  a decorator to make sure the decorated function returns false if f raises an exception .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  discrete kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  computes the reconstruction window is visible as a string .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a new error code to the new code parameters codes : str a message .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable is set in the given name the name of the given number of [] .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a context manager for a requestcontext .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr qr decomposition of an input variable .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  return elements of legen .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on array x .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon for a static field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address representation of a mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services on the system cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  normalizes a list of integers to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a given directory into the given directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an integrity field for the field of a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  join a pair of rotations .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode dataurl task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  return an expression or gradient of the gradient in the gradient .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  summaries list with summaries in internalerror .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a filename exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  this function is called prior to be executed for a given event .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error message lookup by remainder .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  format a list as a list of .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates the connections .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parses the response into mongodb .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to work out cg .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  returns c* templates name .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  notify a notification about the notification about the given group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns oneline as string .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed with python .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute the __doc__ potential on a var .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  returns the datastore data from a path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return strategy for a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send a request to the same state on the github .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  writes the keyczar secret from the secrets database and writes it to the current secret .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a filename or a string .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns a list of euler euler quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of spaces .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  returns the html for the specified user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a mapping file .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which methods are not a public function to be used as the pfm .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  reads the tag data from file and returns as dictionary .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a base64 encoded file for the given filename .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the hash with the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a negative file .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if the current site configuration is enabled for this request .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim the input string representation of the bounding .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  takes an object s .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if a path exists or if one of the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add the application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  write the z-file and xml .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  retrieve a valid user string for a given user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the host or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when given datetime objects .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  nice version of dir() .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a new version of dirname and new version .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-value for the osr sum .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server cli example: .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  casts all actions from the given action + sax-like .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  check if the custom completion completion is not a custom error .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the current thread .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a new repository in a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  make an initial update across a set of states statements for a relationship() .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a rating within a job .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  view a form for a creator .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get list of report in a given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  constructs the divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test multidimensional to ensure constant .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a list of all formatted results for a given kinds .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check a standard error schemes against a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  returns seqrecord objects for the given file-like object .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  stop a redis server by name .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into base_path pieces .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  given a function that checks to fiedler and arg_of_sigmoid .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if a number is a random kind .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode rfc rfc rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  compute a hash hash for a given type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the path where the parent directory is located .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a file path from a path to a directory path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take a list of file names and create a single string .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate an s3 string for an integer generation header .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named sysv service from the service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params args: get_identifier : callable name of dummy version .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  returns the distributions of a given data .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  ensure that a file format is a valid status code .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert rabbitmqctl iterable to a list of elements .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a duration value into a long integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  return whether the given path is within the dependency path .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the given paths to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of responding .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of hidden users .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the toolbar and then okay of a certain signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  construct a propositional logical s with a given number of algorithm .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a factory for creating a new class selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  serialize the input and b as a python identifier .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the configuration file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the radial line on the current axes axis .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker task for centos after the distribution is expects .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  single expr : step expr | expr le expr | expr times expr | single .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  test whether a file is a block .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if and only if minc is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws cloudwatch service rtype: service rtype: .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move a file from the source to the destination directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  convert a string value to a list of strings .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a list of find find find find find find the most manipulation at a time corresponding to noise .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with the given dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test if a patched calls is changed .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for the given element .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  constructs a facet from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot image and degrees and degrees .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic to be used by pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  that a given jail is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a function which will be used by a c name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  parse the output of a generic source file or return regular expression .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return list of lists of the appropriate records of the data in the datatable .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns an instance of the filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  returns the entire hexidecimal local namespace .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parses a uri that parses a uri portion of a uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a original original object .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from normal intersections .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the notification graph for an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the authorization page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a demonstration of the script .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  runs program because it is very await .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convert none to classification name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns the elementtree elementtree path of the xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  compute the fullrank function of a square matrix x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the show message twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  returns the docs file name .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  provides a function that returns a list of the elements in the setting that doesnt include a setting .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask details for a filename or completion files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for the application to be changed .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of "b" characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 plus plus plus plus plus plus nltkdemo .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  returns the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return telemetry data for the requested user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add new item to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status dict .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the most appropriate speed for given place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns the model matching the given app label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of tuples from the given list of elements .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote -> bool return a string version of bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a list of valid ids for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup a gpio for a database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the current rsync directory to the top test server .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  return the cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a service options from a dict .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends a admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate a random regression problem with zero or more tenants .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the modules version and display the user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  check the list of distance command in an instance of the specific power type and return the list of power type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  enqueues a course for the given update operation on the given course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  this method checks if a file is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on configured in the log .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  given a acoustid .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as recursive wrapper functions instead .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to create a gui .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  make sure that a dataset is small with the same fields .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the certificate footer and returns its corresponding to .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of direct for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this should be a high matrix and x returns a single feature kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return list of strings with specific data from cli example: .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the specified length is a valid one of the service name the name to check for cli example: .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that a plotly file is not plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the total applicable type for a given block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  makes a partial dict of a protocol buffer to a new data store .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add workers to the larger table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  finds the given project activity for the given year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of tuples .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to return its seconds .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform deseq2 completion on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate the flag to the specified python environment .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample number of leading ratings for this number .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the cloud api on the setup .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push a single registry via dism .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the specified routing table .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of the the ensures the provided question is the priority of the template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  composes a "push arguments from stack" section of an entry dtrace dtrace probe .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns boolean indicating whether django is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  user for password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose a buffer or a text .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the firewall choices .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test pick with channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  set up the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns the successors of the graph in the order of the nodes in the order .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  insert a header or text .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in a sequence of cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get a list of wanna for a project by id .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  returns utf-8 string in utf8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode process .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  finds and characteristic finds the contents of the line based on the line .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  given a location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  reset keypress to which entity is valid .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand the arguments passed into parts .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get whether or not a qurl is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  resource headers for flexible views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  activate a theme based on the identity .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return the default float type for the current thread .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  construct version of similar to .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract a dictionary of instance instances .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  adds static-related to an array with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a list of words that a string runs from a trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize a hostname from an ipv6 address string .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  input a dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  prints and executes the given function to stderr .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints out a python traceback .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  enroll all students in memory that they enroll on spam .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type of the type getaddrinfo() by the type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get mobile app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates a file for any metadata map .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the tree metrics with each component .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql version of mysql .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  runs a wsgi service on the ip address .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a packages from onlyif and wait for onlyif .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random performance number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  returns the total value of the erfinv .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of information on the system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create a parameter matching the specified query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the schema names for first loads from the plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a set of resource data in a string .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove optional search and tpope/vim-capslock .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve all courses in a course for a particular course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the file filename from the filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  the tid: conf id the hsa system data: conf .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the path where wed expect to the installed location from which to operate operate .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the rdm create rdm .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  the feature should be ignored by the tags of the feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  replace list with xxx .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  get the long int .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  compare two paths that are equal to the two folders of the given path .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network with the the name of the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a not a show level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef properties .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  deprecated since no skipped tests are executed and do not executed .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with the jinja directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a unicode keys and a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  do a file or else an ioerror .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a python string begins begins at the specified position in that .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a dict with the given name and read the l2 l2 .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change email address of user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a mixture distribution from pmf1 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  add exception body to the request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  shows the tense .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  finds all files in a path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error band band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the correct pairs of all pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the main application .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  a wrapper to save an instance .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the time the api method for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server into redis redis .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  get a client instance for a backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  expand dataframe parameters comment_posted : int .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the delete messages and delete the user .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  convert emails into email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the accessing .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url of an enabled .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a certain fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  a decorator to ensure that its possible middleware can be used to take a config/layer_entity .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usable exclusive exclusive .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the center center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  create the country keyboard .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of the given number of cliques cliques .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  generates a message via a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the recipient server .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to graph g with the given nodes .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  this is a helper function used by making sure that the linear matrix of edges .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the contents of the given invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  create a bpm instance from the config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option and return a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a detailed state of the package that owns the given package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces page_key from writing .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  this function finds the ccx that maps the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  creates a valid nxm field name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert *epsilon* .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate unicode to ascii characters in string to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register pelican article to the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the argument string and return a long object .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test fixing of current project patterns to chaikin .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse .
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the symmetric state of a matrix from the given value of values using r and the values of intermediate .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  create a children of children that will create children in a given category .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the error message for the given reference .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of urls that can be used to web page for each url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the lowering namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  returns the path to the root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install a sphinx extension .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not the value is present in the process .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid by interpolationoffset and add the first matching the elevate service .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a simple external number to a flag buffer .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get a list of all virtual machines on the cloud profile .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return full path to the absolute path for the resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that the doctest argument passed to the function is not split .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return augeas path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google results from google cloud storage .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  clean up files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  apply a specific data frame to its errors .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  sets the suspend module to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login protected view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  stub function to return community string .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a variable is a locked .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  display an error message if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests clean up to ensure default aws aws capsys file .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns the key string for the index of a query parameter .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate a loop route .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the function and profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  return a version of the string digest .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining for the given start date and a datetime .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and sigmoid activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a source filename .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  construct json object from a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  utility to get the easy import of a python version .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure that the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  computes the number of bits corresponding to the offset of data .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  create a new acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  creates the 2nd tensor with the zeros of a tensor of 2d images .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add the previous bit to check and service .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique elements .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main one or more group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return old version .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  returns the size of the global parameter param .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  utility function to check if the response result was used with the expected supported namespaces .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  convert an application error to a http error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate which symbol in order to be present .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache of an object with the given user/group or its key .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a new amp .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of inet_ntoa instances which can be defined in the log option attributes .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively set all files in directory and blacklist .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test test line with a line .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an empty file to the affine object .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  return true if stage should be 1d by checking if stage .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  returns the db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a non-existing file which is completely converted to a list of lists .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the percentage of multivariate positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts 3d coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  return true if the given field has callable == true .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a widget and apply to the master .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests units with changed units and on-disk units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  move notification from one source to another .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  returns the login object for a given user .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test cases: approximation based on equations .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads all configuration file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  testing when a 'silverlight' system supports multiple 'silverlight' .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache dictionary .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all warehouses sessions for stock .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  return true if the given tag name belongs to a given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first index record .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the "required" mdadm .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove all headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns 1 about a (d) .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get a merge the paths in a git order .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  tries to load the profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  log a logging method .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram sum of x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with keys that will write an old dictionaries .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell the action to send by id .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an specified virtual machine cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return the real real matrix in sparse order of a .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  returns the number of subtasks to modify the number of subtasks x .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  authenticate at least two double-precision .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used by marking the method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy a lib lib into an existing list .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  queries the users preferred client and loads them .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  return true to the file in the certs module .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  add the array to the large group of bootstrap_formset .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines to a string .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  replaces the title of a checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  return a hipchat color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  make sure a resource is being used .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that user is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of two rubygems production a and b .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the encodings from a given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  some derivative of the old maybe method .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function for ssh extension limit from configuration options .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  returns the current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the manipulationfunction .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a class to be called by reach a primary widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  regression test for a bug where multiple of goto .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the field value for the specified field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see rendering .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to a scalar .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  add a tool to a dictionary of metadata keys from which are represented by the attribute of the tool types of a tool .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a dict with the document data pertinent for the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload a summary of the specified data to a particular image .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  creates the standard file dialog and returns the corresponding filename .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a mock function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verifies that an object meets the same class name .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check that major .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete an soft query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create multiple locator with numticks for multiple parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  convert matrices of a matrices to two-dimensional .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return an asus-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  write a list of tuples to commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get triangle mesh .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make an icon for a file .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  compare two iterators .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  list entries in a dns machine .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  returns messages to reports from db .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test problem_weighted_score_changed file using a few model .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  format the provided value for the provided option of type .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function n .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the free scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  reorders password values for specified dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  use getch .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  get a list of country time zones from a country zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test basic data .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode polyline points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is job successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create temporary folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return g+c .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list with / add shared for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  strips the beginning beginning from a beginning of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return the result of the *ary* with the given shape and shape as a online online .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if page title for old .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a file or regions and returns the fields .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for timing authentication credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  enable virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  retrieves variables in template code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  returns the given reasonable hash .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute model of a matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  make sure a min reference matrix will just a tag .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  given two critical mult .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the commonfooter for a given python related settings .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source to the configured target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test if there is no default .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  get the current requests .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  escapes a value for use in a url .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the expression with core data in the expression tree .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the trains .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number into a hex string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a new role with a user to a domain object .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  for a given fused type and type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  this function returns a list of documents that are present in the expressions .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  convert the similarity of a string to a set of similarity parameters: distance metric .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  helper function that performs the cover work for opening .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the pcap version of a pcap file for the specified pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  return all students metrics in the course with students content .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip function .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  used to build a navigation item via nbconvert .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the filename of a filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add multiple offsetboxes diagram of a matplotlib background is .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  test that a mask is an expression which contains a mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  utility function to return the pid of a process by name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  check an interface for the interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  return the list of headers in the name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  multiply inputs and down the input .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a string with a certain indent .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  maps hosts to a vif model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  add delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate a components of an boolean type against a list of power types .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  run the given callables one after the other callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  if nucleotide has more than one set of scores .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  a helper function to register the specified license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up masquerading for superfluous scripts .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two digests of equal a and b .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns true if an iterable at least one item in iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  given a simple print node name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that simulates a bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  checks to make sure x and np are in the x .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests for issue #370 .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse a schema field and produce a valid schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register all log modeladmin high .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of the indices in a list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  get the codegen or raise if it does not exist .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the initialise log of the passed instance .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  launches a wsgi application for a failure .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert an integer to a time .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  returns x minus the falling factorial of the values .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests the view to make sure the api can delete a specific user .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a program .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names specified in the string which is too short .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  generate a flash pair .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a network container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a pandas hash using the provided urlpattern algorithm .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  creates a actionable property that calls an attribute for every method .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the cluster seeds of a path .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform the response headers .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten an iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for the given number of categorical .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  ensure that bad cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns trace component of a component by either a trace or a trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a spatio-temporal or evoked in a graph .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new article object to connect to new signals .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a validator data dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  calculate approximate genome test .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility function to wrap a penn string .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function that checks if the command is running in the minion .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the login class for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  convert protobuf content protobuf to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  find a text using a regular expression .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the atlas .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  an argument in the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint endpoint to the path endpoint .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  return markdown description of a description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns a base64-encoded file to be used for the given process .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the version number in the database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  measures whether a and y are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert textfile or random order to the textual form .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  perform a maxima process for a proportions rather than the maxima variable .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a number of bits to a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a serving for use in configuring .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  check if the layer is a change request .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status on a mysql server via "show full processlist" .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse a lines of the form ${foo} 1 .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a report from a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  helper function to check if the server is valid .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  check config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  given a list of events that have been modified .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output of a given job id .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define the type and type on the type specified .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  add a value to nova cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a relationship() tuple as a sqlite .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a dictionary of service value for enum instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  specifying a attribute value which should provide rid of exceptions .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  rename an selinux bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box of two images .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get c email address string for a host .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  adds a package to the pkgs package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer for objects that tries to be belonging to a unicode string .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  return a tuple of remote type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  return aws environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  test if a given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  builds a dictionary with the given parameters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decodes and endcodes data using base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the pmsensor sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the display spec for the specified spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  finds the notepad configuration file path for the given pages .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the transaction manager for a manual state: .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  create default source text .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of evoked data .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to change the temporary directory to given path temporary change .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the largest feed from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr to execute a program on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  converts a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime string to a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process to create sensor .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator that turns a webhook or a list of unicode objects into a ndarray .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  clear the transaction and unset any received paths .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses an upload blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  returns the repository manifest for a specified file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the *factor* code of an requested code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests mandatory mandatory tokens with leading tokens .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the power status on the current terminal .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  loads the keys from the path environment .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  convert global or target id to global format .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  make sure that a connection does not exist .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  converts the given expression to a latex expression .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a path in a disk image .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the symbolic function .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the real device path for a real dev :return: basename of just about the filesystem .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  function to compare two lines for the same command .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  remove all keys from the given query parameters .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  enterprise that returns the require which the user is logged in .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a unicode-safe version of urllib2 .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extracts the token from the request and return it as a dict .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a set of each entry in mapping .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  call the given template with the given args and data arguments .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  form a given order using the escaping given a list of nodes .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if the grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over all items in nested dictionaries .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the least common divisor of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form in a used to render a variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality bit of a primaryjoin expression .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of performance .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  an iterator over the errback server by type .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  parse a yaml table string which will be used as a yaml formatted string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  mock transcript .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a form of missing data and query result for the field with the entire form and the data .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel file .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  a valid input by passing a counter binary .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a replacement .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the given document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the specified powerpath exists .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  given a dictionary of data .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with lines should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the size in bytes from type .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  ask for comparing two expressions .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show rooms templates .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns list of overall summary for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list containing available compression methods in this regions are returned as follows: and wasnt any way .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos for every show to sleep .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages form .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  returns a generator that produces the cherrypy way of the input constants .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  returns the size of the dev .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one of the units that are functional units parameters timelist: list of units or more units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider config or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test sample function that has properly processed the right estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text3d to the primary object .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns true if dataset is of a package that package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the distutils application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  returns a pyglet .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the path to the abiquo abiquo files .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define a resource name .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode string to utf-8 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup as sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if we have theano to do theano .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  computes the limit usage for a filter item .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  finds the distance matrix from code .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  replace color or short .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns debugging data for stripping completely completely if its not start up .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tables can take a tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file without the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate the binary number of n in a similar .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  splits a sentence string into parenthesized of proportions .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a random hex length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid of the users location of the given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate output file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a node .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the wunderground ble thermostats .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level lock for the given lock .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  view function used to mark a view as view .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate the project with the network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  displays a list of ipython .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of an attribute .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads data in network using remote method .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the manifest to use for the specified package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  returns the date from a datetime for the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns a list of cohort children and metadata children .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the yadis currently checked with the milliseconds xrd .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  returns a list with a specific project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a filename .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check ports of a dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on all nodes in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current keyboard event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an instance of the query based on the request .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset of the superset file in a list of column names .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  an alternative intervals for the row or mcneil .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys keys by deprecated and key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  creates an isolating pattern .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the context associated with a given package context cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar for either uniform spacing or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  get the memory value from a multiplier .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test for issue manipulation .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  verify that the specified service is valid .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  given a panel-like value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  common parameter for the provided virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the string representation of a function by name .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new combined type or type memory .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a efficiently of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  it may take a key in the registry .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking for a type and ensure using the type of vectors .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return items in the environ dictionary .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively collects a list of files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator to skip a function only skip if denied libraries are true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of names from the given arguments or names with the names and names .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a character array to a long character .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  list images on the given provider .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates or restriction matrix for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  configure app defaults for gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an ssh ssh connection by a given public ssh key .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the style parameters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return a list of vms on the provider .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should only list of feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  retrieves a indent .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on the given object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  ensure a rule is used when passed in .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the current bitmap string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a cabal instance configured on the zipfile .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move loss algorithm together several sequences .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a helper function for computing the vectors .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set the group module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots belonging to a project .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for gof currently hardcoded for a^2 only .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the current underlying local directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test basic data of nan .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  attempt to getlines .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build the pipe p4 for a given pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert seconds to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns a pep class takes a class name and returns a .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance between two vector .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher for internals .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that accounts labeled folders labeled system folders labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get the default logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send emails and sends an email with a given user_id .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text encoded by a character .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  runs a physical device .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of data on the cloud profile .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary of metadata of a metadata module .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns a boolean of coefficient for the arg of a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  ensure utf8 .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  tars text to make sure the qsub process is in the qsub .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load a python enum from a list of clauses .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  post resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generate a sql hash suitable for use as string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  generates the shared shared variables .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  look at path in the specified path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file from a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage in bytes .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns the results of a day with the specified items .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  returns the path to a file that is not pickleable .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  create an absolute error between two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  run the printed output of the stdout .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore this plugin making a trend for certain pathignore plugin .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a bpderror message for an upnp .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create new environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  stores a sequence of prevention .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  returns the leading counts of the given actionexecution .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query to get an table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a utc utc to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django users .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  convert a portion of the source string to a resource .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  creates a file in the given path .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract text from page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns the httpresponseredirect to the successful error .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify context has admin rights according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure that a column fill_value is a column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  matches against list of all matches .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  ensure a message is returned with a name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  accept hosts to goodness .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the slow of the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the output of a neighbour request .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if value is valid .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the valid size for the provided size: * description: / str .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  return table data from a dask table .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshapes an input shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper method for methods which yields the datastream db_model .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  create a figure and a non-negative instance .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  returns the square of an array along given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  get the votable definition for the letter or category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  this is called only available on minions which default monkey .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  computes the hash of the given sha string .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  generate a generator for a given filesystem in a list of tuples .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns an iterator that validates the iterator s .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  a generator that will execute the given file after the given file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  checks that the file that contains a given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attributes of attribute for the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  break up resource_data in directives .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes the most appropriate key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  try to get the formatted versions from a fixed namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build a travel dict of inverse barcode .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  takes either a list of regions and a country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search the keys of a text string .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  clear background background jobs .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  deletes a complete event .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  return or sort unit aware depending on epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the current systemd method .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  prepares view for registration .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a string of a given language .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  creates a symbolic environment .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random string of a given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  after the tests .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the mode mode .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  resolving cgroup to return true if cgroup cgroup a list of cgroup .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with n nodes and redirection probability .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the python codec name of the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  upload a complete network .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the host name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  evaluate an integer polynomial using the trials order .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a timestamp string in an (x)html manner .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor network from the file system .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of batches and batches batches for a given image .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  use outerproduct input to matches[max .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  like string .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns the prerequisite milestones for the given user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a docs .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object that has the result of querying model instances .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  reads an authenticated request for the specified user .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of digits needed to hold a specific long number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  return fast declaration .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  check if a value is a valid type for option of type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python names with an attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  utility function that takes a list of packages and returns a dict of names .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a cacheable pattern into an int .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  get preprocessing curvature for a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  input version of pfilter .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the unicode block of w as a tuple .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  return true if the given app names is in the current session .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a string name for binary exceptions .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse an yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options and updates it .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  merge a video file to play if it does not exist .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function installs the given manager as a signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  encode a dtype to dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse command-line values by new docstring .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http authentication header string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  used to mark a function as a proxy for the given argument .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a event object .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can reports translation reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  returns html with html summary of the addons page .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  determine the number of ip addresses of a vm .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  returns the sinusoid density function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device based on a finite device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  checks if the header is an alpha .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the operating service instance from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  wraps a user against a logging .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom python model sql statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  map the status of a given vm name to the respective list .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  returns the path to the scripts directory for the given language code .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the profiles directory to use for the files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  returns content from a given node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a given param to a byte string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  deactivate a list of user ids .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return an average of a set of arg: pairs .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return the given datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  get "pkg line of a consistent name .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test valid :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the side-effect: backend to use for the grid flag .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a nested dict .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a instance of the hdus instance .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the search-enabled branch .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is a no-op .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  stop a specific issues on the system cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  return an object with delay that maps the current session .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers in an renderers list .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred time zone for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that initializing can be built by a jacobian .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  creates a reference to the flowgrams api .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider data for a specific provider in a given one .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  applies a base stride and expands it with the provided stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to get the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns the current context as a string .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the vm this should be run in the current environment .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command in a child process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step that the memoryerrors file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a regular expression .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the specified module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure decimal values are correctly .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check if an existing connection exists in the system path .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove all the info from the input .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return the local number of pixels .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a single course enrollment and staff to a users course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test data with table names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns true if the given sentence matches the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  link in instance_type to devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  translate a numpy dtype to a parents .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  parses a service name .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  run the pip pip command with pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns path of a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate levi-civita symbol .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize rotation .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  remove any test files .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  returns a decorator used in a single builtin .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the machine-id .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child of the given data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns true if a string is valid .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with array_like coefficients according to ma parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set interactive and return an httpresponse as a string .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  get vlm_media named media instance .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  for historic documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  return a list of indices of the indices of the indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client from the provided environ .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> str byte hexadecimal representation example: .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available user|system|common|dynamic .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the series expansion between a fourier series and upper terms .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the contingency matrix with labels .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  parse a string and return a list of pairs .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  implement vm indices in the order of a list .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict where keys are lines from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real matrix of a and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does the access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments and return a list of texts .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the ip of the current master .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the number of groups that a group is being used in .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the image info for this image and the users info .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract selected egg from a given egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a firewall by using the provided symbol .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  call to install a training server .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  sends a report email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  retrieve all version-specific tmux configuration configs for the given document .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano vector .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  check to make sure the location of a point additions cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a convenience function to compute the spectral sum of nodes .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert first kind of f into k[x] using k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses several parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return fast mean of an array .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if value is enabled in an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the most up-to-date adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  joins manually with filehandle .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded by base64 .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list with email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a very weird interface .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  redirect to a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  flat model of a complex model .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a constraint .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  test that the entrypoint entrypoint subproject can be installed .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logs a message about a elapsed source .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a list of random ids to strictly random ids .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset a step to the current step .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name into the aliases .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc provides an iterator of <filename> .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  return details about the given api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the given value and returns the value in a list .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  apply a subset of the summaries .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  computes the approximate sum of an array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize locale to make the difference of a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return an iterator which yields indexing ratings for a given indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return whether matplotlib is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that name is valid and can be used .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the security data passed to salt cloud minion cli example: .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise exponential using the elementwise transform .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the euclidean distance between a and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a simple mechanism from http request data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  finds and returns catalog from catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove an in-memory resource type from the specified resource .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  find a python object given its type name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine the file name that is registered for markdown .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a post channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: tooltips : the optional column for the chart port number .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data source file data source of array-like data source .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget gives the motif style file regarding than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  assigns the current application .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  convenience function to parse extra model .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  return an vertex file from a list of vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to the module root directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the given number of digits .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  make sure that a path exists .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a redis queue .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set sockets variable for x layout .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible file from a directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files in the given operator .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  make sure that any scheduled letters in the logging for a whisper entry .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send command console console to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of all available vm volumes on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object to a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return the variance of the given values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  compute the confusion matrix in-place .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting login page .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a actual uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal information criterion .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  images - filters - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a astroid class .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  get the function for a given function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  make a fake plot .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  key repository contains nested key .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  get a local ip address of a given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns cpu bit depending on the request using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get current hardware address .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the specified service and returns an *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an average emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data for usage message .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  wraps a flag to prevent base query if available .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity computations .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  regression test for a positive integer parsing with a positive integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  verify a phone number is a valid number .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the specified ports to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a unique endpoint from the given mailchimp dictionary .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the natural logarithm of ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a list of rate limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a dictionary of all metadata for a thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a given directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  retrieve information about a network interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the 'mean' .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  repr() the provided command line parameters .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  perform a panel-like api on a given deme .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return the docstring for the given source .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load an exception type from a vcenter .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a given user .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  move a table with the columns of mixin_cols .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return assist .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the url of a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert enum .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the full path to features .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  use the given list to annotate a list of templates should be able to store the path .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is inside the paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  return all dependencies of background starting with the same name .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns the name of the template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  return a list of properties from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky where the was equal to lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that manipulate supported by nopython- .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  check that logs out the logs and inv_efunc api builtin .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  return the python code object from the given source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a nogotofail .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if lower == xpath .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get http member from data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge 2 dicts and merge the dictionaries into a single dictionary d2 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of a given page .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  return a python string representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a copy of cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities and the key .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize a source: action .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a breadth-first python input from python .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string which contains all uppercase characters from a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get a return the return the appropriate read from the beginning of the requested fro .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse an xml string and build a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  helper that instantiates an linalg form file with a default version .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  runs theme on the projects .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  returns the path to the directory of the uploaded files .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that seed can be utility with different results .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  the answer - disable microsites during the development script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the shortcut with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url of the file in the given mat .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  given an authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get volume types by name or name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to stdout info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the dict of capable blocks of the label_flags .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the completion of scale are equal .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait until a function has a lock .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for views .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns 10 string representation of a python object .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the backoff backoff that can be used to calculate jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  see #1576 .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ensure a line numbers stays .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads the android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a pair of all elements of the given list with the lowest lowest elements removed .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the elements of input variable in the range .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a list of file of the file of the folder that a folder under the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover cover from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a regular expression in x .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the api version for api cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the installed package directories in the specified package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns the number of validation values in a string .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  returns the coleman-li .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a migration to save the instance of the given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  take a command in an argument and return its output .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a document and a string .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  simple function which returns true if executable is read or false .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  cleans up any autofix keys .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes in the ast source .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns whether a reply is allowed .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  compute the whole predictions of codedeploy .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the application to be done on a local handle .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a new slug .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response against a given response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute log likelihood of x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  put an ssh public key to an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the linkcheck according to the server .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple replacement for the input .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if a particular cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  check if the given backend is enabled for smtp .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an iterator over the flocker for each flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return a list of tuples from a and b .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that a get_sun is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique setting in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a datetime to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns a bytestring version of text if a bytes object is an unicode string .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  computes the sqeuclidean and np .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  set the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context for the given user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  n319 - use 4 .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english foo .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the state of the instance in the optimized state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all known results in the database .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  display a list of html markup for the user .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  wrapper for legacy .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is in the given test .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  returns the hash of the anchor if it can be used as a string using the html file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  a decorator of methods of an object .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  small_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to all the score for a given user .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of elements of a list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  iterate over a sequence of lists and count entries .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first match between alias and the user alias .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of the resources in the view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  elementwise cross sigmoid function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  sets the path to the current environment .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  is the cublas server called before the server is a no-op .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the right series for the series the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot and the provided path match if the services is on boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around an assignment list .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is principal components of a binary classification and a feature matrix .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  estimated error errors .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws euca instance .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempt to load a data file from a url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  inverse of escape .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return a list of all upgradable or provider .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict that starts a file named function .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  replaces the intersection of the first letter code .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send email rendering with given modulus .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize any given names into a sqlite object .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  this function takes a rpm version string and converts it to a rpm string .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe code fields from webuse .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple literal? .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  remove global requests from a task .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the given flags is an update flags .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  return the context as a string .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  arrange logarithmic functions .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to the settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  plots deseq2 differential equation function .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the paired arrays distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the root server networks .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that a setting its column parameter is correctly for masked column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  a convenience method that does not exist .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  returns the topmost oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return tensor with shape label ids and labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  prints a list of all registered summary .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the gcode is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  callback-oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  return true if the user is spam and post are spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  replace any lists that might be included in the repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  generate image rois within an image and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform predicate for if-else to be called after and set_config .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  inverse of the currently active app .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  an char_choices; class decorator for testing .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table of a table with masked side of 2d groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only unicode output of the string s with an bytes .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns an batchjob with a given settings from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  view returning handler for debugging .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send a depth-first email with the given arguments and port .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  handler function .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get path from the loop .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic equation normal form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return whether this node or not an object is a deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given correct tuples or pkg string of kernel modules .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  check if a tenant does not exist return true if the tenant was removed .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends the given data to the users registry .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a named path from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type from a specified resource .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute path of a file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a list of hosts to render tests for the specified test .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  add to threads from the last location from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch branch and erpnext to branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  disable the system shutdown .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  remove the specified path for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 address approximation to class .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  denied view .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  test whether a given user is absolute .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  recursively get file paths in the directory of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if graph g is distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  show a lazy page for the user .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this instead of standard django .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  obtain a new text for the given gpg on the given gpg .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  n-dimensional transform for each image .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key for a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  replaces all transcript device .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  construct a dictionary of data on a query_string .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in etcd .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  i have the email set .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve fixed ip for a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  docstring from rawturtle .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test if we are able to connect to the gl setting .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate the set of sequences to a set of sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  compiles a git repository from the git .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a unique acl after the given buckets .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert a time in seconds to an integer .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all file names and a dict .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert disk traces to network corresponding to python code .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  check if wdg is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by side .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of the names of notifications to a given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  import an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for converting urlparser to a command line .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  escape non-ascii characters in string according to the minimumdistance .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test that .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert attribute values into a list of dicts .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  run a port server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit mode .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the local grade grade for a sphere .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners on initial initial file .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  get the data returned by filepath .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test either a linear unit function is passed to the zero .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision is a time .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that ensures a function is run in a transaction .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  this function is called by the call .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the version number of the __init__ file in the given directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be clickable in the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the execution .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  remove the next available plugins .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a sequence of classified tokens to a given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  verify python interpreter is found in python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  run all pending registery .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  fix extractor extractor with elementtree .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve an object to the mro of a given model class .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the configuration for use with the provided engine .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if all targets are not met .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  receive a share service from the corresponding share module .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  returns the unicode character set on a grep stack .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not installed .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a given port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  return a dict with the methods of the provided value .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  splits camel path into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  wait for a direct client to connect to the mongo location .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  get a python implementation corresponding to the given value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  return the info structure for the resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  builds a expression with the expression expression and a conditions expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the keyboard button for muting instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the current closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get a list of child object of the instance .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a keys key that can be used for keys .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a given character .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  session - segment an object in a string .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  obtain a new certificate from a desktop and return it .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test that the location is initialized by a function .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized lower errors in the db .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  a decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a numpy matrix into a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event for a corresponding event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  check unicode axes .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix for the xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test indent for a previously nan .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a single log record .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  import and return whether it exists or not .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  convert a given value to a string .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  get a string for the duration of a media url .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  determines if the address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the checker out of a function and return the checker .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  return the condition condition if the condition is a string or expression between a no-op .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  convert a file object to a mne file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the given hub .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to mask .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  express express characters with xml character .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total hist transform .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer from the authenticated file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  returns true if user can access to the given list .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests if we used for a regression where each session gets passed .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  request handled writes in request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  return the kruskal .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  returns an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  the purpose of the uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read node information from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  perform a check against a given name .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  returns a python template function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  a resource expression examples .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach each object of the queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  runs the warnquota action .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create a list of objects currently alive .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate a prime analyze file to a prime file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate date from a date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad the given list of strings to the given type .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  return the public key from the url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run a code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given base64 string .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  returns cart anonymous or create cart if necessary .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user request .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return the default time .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a dom version of the string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  converts a string of html tags to a block of a string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a email reference from a release .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  construct a system state parameters cloud : string hostname of the cloud profile .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in portion of portion portion .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  split a given symbol into periodicity .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  should give the given state for backwards compatibility .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a system entry .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse a list of http objects into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a random dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method descriptor or a list of found .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get the bytes from the wsgi environ dictionary as a dictionary .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from an reader .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  like the named file .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  extract the most helpful key from the list .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared error regression loss read difference between predicted and actual ratings for users .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller list / add question .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a helper function for creating a new list of descriptors .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  returns a sortkey value .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory where ipython is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set price based on given price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get config file that require invalid config .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  look up a volume type for the given volume type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  return a list of fmdump/fmadm and host:port for a sequence of items .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register a new role for a role by its options name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve media version according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for a given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  instructs chocolatey to install a package and not installed .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if scheme; checks the path checks .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  upload a remote host to a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code page .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to sysctl a single sysctl .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  topologically the given command and yield if it .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import arrays should always be empty .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is raised .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test kit eventrenderers .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow root to use passwords to login via harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces the tabs with its pascalcase .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence of steps from the output of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the actual link from the given file/directory .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip during the build .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate indexing in three and theta are theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterable of distance overlap from table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  similar to the profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get an image from the file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id and group id from the string to be group .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a string made up the current clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  returns the path of the python tarball that contains the default sheet .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  modify all http middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  the noop function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put one or more entities of the specified user cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns json directories to path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  determine the triggers assets for a user .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check if the currently being a permutes file .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  create a new email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merge a dictioanry of solution assumptions .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute a general filename on a directed graph .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function to check if it is in the list of completed start-end .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  writes a file or directory on a given file in a filesystem .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return a list of unread for remotes .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  limit ami for a given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get current migrate command to use .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  supports single key name equals its type file_sig .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  return a list of hosts for a given instance .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  returns true if path is a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  this generator yields the open file from a 1024 which returns an iterator .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return the value with any field in dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  a context manager that adds the file or the input to the given filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  shows an exception for the given graph .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper function to run a python module in the filesystem namespace or else the specified module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the system should be treated or post .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a user is valid .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given command on a lineno .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  removes a string made up to a file .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample from a mixture of two points .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a cred_id to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  create a new value for the given size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of regions and their ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  javascript javascript code via javascript .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return the native native type : range or from the instance .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised while value .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  makes an iterable of links to binary data structures .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  convert a value to the current thread .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the pyharmonyglobal .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager that creates the directory for a given path .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the default directory path .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  converts a torrent pair to a list of certificates .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a symbolic pen object to be run .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  use latex to convert latex variable .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address based on the pci address of the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list zones for a specific zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  run a given image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not installed .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  return kick scalar .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the date to a datetime .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  quickly see if a file is in an zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call the given function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  create the first queries manager instance based on the settings .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  returns the common distance between two statements in the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks to a number .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage configuration .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe an line/column .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets the datastore state to be run in the current transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of the bits that are bruteforce .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to be a valid instance or not .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os output file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the contents of a user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a resource starred uri in the form of the form where the ingestion is matched .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  solves the total temporal of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros in slices .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  make sure the version of a lognorm with integer .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the dataset with the datasets .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for writing email to a new user .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the settings for the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns the id of the global task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an error if given theano integer is not found .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an email with "pandas" in the following situations: .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a query string from the oauth key to the uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the art at the given similarity level .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a user for historical or tenant auth .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the random hardware address .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  parse a file of python objects into a yaml file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the max value of the given footer .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier and number of the multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user information .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  add a new version to the sys .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  check to see if a given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns the current modelview magic .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the collection names for a given collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily from commits in the format .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  parse a value to a byte string .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a filename or a file of a given file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  uninstall a packages using opkg targets multiple package options: pkgs the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the view is to catch a table with a dimension view for each view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the string value with the given string .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a sentence value to 63 format .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns an object to a list of basenames .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given data and callable .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a given target string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the movorder .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to cleanup the context of the given block .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a single back-end jid string and returns a list of arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to the header dict .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  true if there is an available web .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy function for returning error .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  returns a function or method .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to lowercase; .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  sets the http route for the given job id .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute percentage of a binary and a pandas coordinate function is written to multilabel classification .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  check if the given ip address is a method .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime to the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  sending -> "cos" .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set opacity and the opacity used for the given image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  set up the default value of the current thread .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file from a file-like object .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  convert an ipv6 address to a git-stash(1)_ .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a file in the string to a long file .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open a file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup the app for application .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds the windows feature based on the image_ref .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show all inputrequired within a playlist .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for units which is retrieved .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  returns metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  a simple draft to determine which the user has been uploaded .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  run a string references .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response from a response to a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  add option to numeric checkout operator .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  an internal helper function to explicitly importing the backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create a continuous elimination using the x .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  return the binary classification from the named file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  return the chain of an object based on its ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach from profile device to build on cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator which can be used to mark a db domain for determining the patch of variables .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return the final status of the final statuses within a statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a list of paths to target files .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verify that an exception is raised if modules .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  enables passed to the existing engine driver .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns the first controller of a list of host_names .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the host id of the specified interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the set of option .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tries to rename the test'] .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render javascript text to a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the selected interactive python mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  get a value of a policy from the specified policy file .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private key required by a private task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs declaration_specifiers to stdout .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  handle signals in linked external articles and their handle .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return the cohort for a cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the yaml settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  this method creates a thumbnail on a thumbnail via the thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  return a function runs the thread on a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  compile fnclex context .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  start a validations of the allowed namespace from a boto3 matrix .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert a number of floats to the accuracy of the line .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  helper function to add the chunk of chunks to chunk and save it .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of the frequency carries with each sid n equal to the maximum: 1 .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given url is the same language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns all the semanage data for this auth .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the value of a jobconf variable from variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of manifest to a package containing all the manifest files .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a tuple with the running colour .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets up a signal handler for the current working directory .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database tables .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  return a unicode string of a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  produces a navigation key function that produces a key and returns a dict with keys .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given patterns is in the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  copy ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read the configuration from the sample configuration .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the given objects were valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines whether the user has allowed to access a certain uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove the specified auth body from the response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting gradient .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  returns a w2p .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  return the compiled message .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return an iterator of glob metadata for the given series .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that checks if the given object has a value of the given attribute as a boolean .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the dataset data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  clone a list of dictionaries by a pcap header .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add the given html class to a node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a topic data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  return a long int from a long string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the datastore mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the current cli prompt .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  return a list of all vms on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if stock inside a inside a particular value .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract the data from a specified file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of facility data .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a chunk to a file-like object .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  convert a sparse matrix to a vector3 one .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which training of the person event .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  return the [elementwise] stack of a and b .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash uses stash for the stash or override a stash model .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns prints information about a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  a previous site for the profile with extra_specs .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a repository installation directory for a given tool .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this can be a sequence of lists or a single string by removing members and a sequence of dicts .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  get system info about a node cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  should connect to the default database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an application which is suitable for running the entire python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  addons with contents of a pathname .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check whether the input field meets the given field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the lsi logic to be attached to the lsi or bus for
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  show if a specific feature flag is currently installed .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  run a list of nodes by all nodes in the given task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall an jumpserver application .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of a along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  returns a path where the special slug for a given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serializes a dist to pem form .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  turn a single image configured in the args: -- the path to the image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test x with a large range of values .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create a child child record for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the name of the current instance .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for correctness of logs that was used in debug mode .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  multiply two univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  returns the name of csp features .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create a interrupt description of the given options and ssh management certificates .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  finds all modules in the given path .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a list of registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the temporary change .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return true if the object is a nested difference between the highest difference between the priority .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the specified path is a valid python module .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  return the indices where the difference of the string passed .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes the value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all visible packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  mark a given problem as growth attribute .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for kernels that tries to load aws credentials .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  returns a decorator that enables automatically calls the method named exception prefix .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock tab to mock tab as json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return text matches the given doctype with all text matches .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  ensure that name is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type for the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  writes a file name to the beginning of a .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete command to hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the given function with the given arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  connect to a mailchimp api that connects to the mailchimp api .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns the size of a tuple .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get the date/time tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf and install for mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  generate a soap method for a nid .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  a little helper method for writing the response of a list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to lower profile .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj appears at queries are given .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  print the current user data to disk .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize field value using field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  execute the cli interface .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a list of ctype values for an object that can be a corresponding type .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  take a rectangle and clusters and return a trivial .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator to guess if a method is an inline error .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit given limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple method that ensures that the decorated methods returns a list of numbers .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a native python string containing x and utf8 encoded bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get mount file system path .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  a generator that yields all lines at length specified line .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  a factory to create a worker with a given resource path .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps an in/out yaml .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated methods returns true if a function is not allowed .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key to a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the mlab distance between any non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for the given network .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  determine the index of the first elementwise such that a function is called .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first root of the first kind .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  takes a dataframe and returns an api method as a hug response for the operation on it .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  utility function to exact rate errors .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  return true if the python object has a physical lock .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of promo tuples of a document_pb .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a matplotlib ellipse based on the mean of the given matplotlib ellipse .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a single state orchestration routine .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of strings like string into an integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a non-fuzzy player dict .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace special characters that will replace a newline .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  convenience function to check if a control server is not a control server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a generator that yields the value from the current iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  sum amount of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  collect a filename .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the sampled unit .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update key .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  parse a module cix a tree of tokens .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  returns task data as a dict .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that the arg gets called correctly .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add simplified loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  convert an expression to ast module for a list of line combinations .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes an identifier and fetch it this method is needed for the given user object .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  check if input value is a port .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a consolidate for a graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  returns an iterator which yields pairs for the udivisors tree .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  compute unique to apply to a function .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a new public feed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read node zones from a given file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out raw data from the minion .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test returns: sphere model creation from github sessions .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information on the system .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  unpack the array with the given advance and or a tuple .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear sessions of given document .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split test suite into random data .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that an empty store with a file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a list of all registered registered apis from the current deregistration .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  copy each source file to the target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a file-like object containing a worker file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: least the least a build parameter .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  a pure complex value v .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  tests that the pearsons method is prioritization .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed weak of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the qt function has been moved to the same signature as the labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function n and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  shows password form .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert rgb to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly entry point object .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  return a dictionary of first commands and a list of commands .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders the given certificate template with a modified certificate context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator function to return the regex for a character of the nodes in a list .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  returns a json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random form .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers to ignore the current event .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a notification endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  resize a file system on the partition <from-minor> .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments for a given order of dask .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns true if the given django settings is a script .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  set up an output_seqs_f for the measurement reference and write the corresponding info['projs'] .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  a fast timeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns whether the given object is closed according to the given object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  fetch a list of jobs which were completed in a given model .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  return detailed information for volumes mounted on the system sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  utility method that returns the path to the hdfs path on the url of an hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  lists the metric available .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  set the obey module to be used as a scheduled instance .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a temporary column constraints for specified signature .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  for testing .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all installed widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test gsetting .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for a given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of groups that are not a string .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print the axes .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove scipy .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a list of service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve a (given object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  get the selected parameter value by a given value .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return python documentation for a docstring .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the current targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set the current #1" override the default login .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the given image dsym by the given project .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for provided user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test epoch with volume names .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function to get rid of a test .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json schema from a http response .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the rotation angle for rotation .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode an encoded cookie into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  generate a rsaobj byte string for any combination of two-element .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  whether obj is text .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir targetctx functions in global namespace .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return the name of a hook instance .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a volume .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing a file or directory .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler to handle service users in the users log .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  find an stringify configuration and return an instance of the given config .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a list of sample blob from the blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to declare which policy are not a given action call .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate a groupby groupby validation .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create an instance of the consumer .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return a random word of the given url .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  ignores the item and removes the http browser .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  return a valid bytestring string for a bytestring or c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the appropriate version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  this is a helper .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the module is valid .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  return the value of xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute the whitener noise from a gaussian operator .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  build list with the appropriate variable .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  return an expression where each item is the rewrite of the variables in a string of the form is printable to compute on the input variables .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  return an in-memory workbook object to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks whether a given host is valid .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the ps web server by the given index .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  get getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  in markdown-sensitive .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the edge index of the edge .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenv shims .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  alias to rescale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine an object into a single 383: .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates the list of translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  error message to the last trace .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a features file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  creates a observer for a observer object .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  return which every argument list .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  returns true if the specified task is clone .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static files that contains the models .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a function that maps a data in a fits fashion .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  try to determine the installer of a virtual pkg .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return the absolute version for caching .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  returns the internal tag for a record .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  create a connection to the consumers dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  fast definition class .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a matrix to the vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns the secret token for a user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find font font rules .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a list of permissions for a given iterable of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context associated with a devnum .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns the current identity of a file .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  add: add: add: .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a given message in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  create a application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  login handler .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  raise a helpful if the given reference exists .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return anchor function anchor .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child child of a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  given a list of longest ids .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a list of absolute path based on the provided path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search location of the search .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues on the vif .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify the portage portage pattern against a given process name the name to be currently being used .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns zen search for a given user .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns a dict of xdg config files .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  highest form of the most common version of the highest .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  given a dict .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram formatter on a histogram .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if we only available on the system .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  helper function to get the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  calling calling a valid value used as a parameter to mean exactly exactly thats type used by a str_choices value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp control service to address .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the path of the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit the program on the system .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  find a plugin via a plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  return true if a process with reap .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  return the hosts found in the folder if found .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get the outer loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  return the revision id of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  follow/unfollow thread .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  return true if str is a string .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the value after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creating user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the authorization of the time zone was sent to the different place .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask mask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter xml indexable in advanced .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a string representation of a format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the path to an iterator of pip that yields pip metadata .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  finds information on a color by given path .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the container name the name of the container parent directory cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the path for the yaml file that will be located by the yaml file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a python task .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  returns the entropy of x in bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns the path to the layer .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return logger wrapped by sphinxloggeradapter .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a trace function used in non-sequence notation .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  returns a schedule url for a given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues the given stream on the given player .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first stack of a 2d tensor parameters x : array the 1d returns: r : none or path where the first dimension is the index of the first
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds the arn of a node using the given initiated .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the objects given is an object and the correct path to the root object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  pads a previously pipeline pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  constructs a function used to compile a filter_properties .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  add to an ascii-only string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the inheritance debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud cloud provider .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  the character should have a dependency source file .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as obj .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  runs the assets tests .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files below the tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  returns the preload report .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the full name of the device .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  check for almost .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  check that the block is valid .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a web server log files that will be performed with the data for .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign given message to a string and return .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert bufsize into a tuple .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  determine if a rule is an expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert a value into the target dict of the given value .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns true if the secret key is a post request .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  same as autocorrelation .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  helper method to get an request header dict .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of user objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  down the href with the given document .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses table file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop the specified image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts filename to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  evaluate columns of exact substitution in columns .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for a specified user cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  select the hypergeometric function given a list of value x and weights .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  serialize a string to a list of blocks .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert utf-8 strings to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  generates a version string .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a play function that uses the rlglue argument to construct the existing one class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  return the sequence of op classes into the sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a orphan for all .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  return the number of a thread count .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  convert a number of seconds to start unit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate file in a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a partial tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  set the alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore path into part of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal components using the decorrelation method .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator that start with application .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  trims or remove a custom sls compilation .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  return info about the code which is later used to render the given values .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to get the date used for the given date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return url without chaninging .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns the path to the management module .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache by calling the locale cache and the locale cache turns the result depending on the 1990 .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two global connection from global to the global two instances .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent and all the extent of the phrase .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  shorthand for alpha*pos(x) coefficient .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  converts do not supported in the python implementation into a mrjob expression .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the offset in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get the time .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  helper method to register the same log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a dict of all available vm resources cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a find all selected hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and return a handle .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  removes local dict from dict .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns true/false boolean indicating whether an api is installed .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a byte string from a file-like object .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  within the result of a with statement that is deleted when the context of the context itself .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to folder .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a specific value by the middle given the received types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  converts the given type to an integer type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  make sure that os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of paths to get configuration paths .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  returns a paramiko-ready extension for a given environ .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources with floats and without spaces at the end .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  a convenience wrapper around the proper proper soft info .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns complexity of first 0 to a variable .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the number of snapshots of the given snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate a given signal uid .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function for getting the size of a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  view for show login when the user is clicked .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the second conductance volume of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode data in base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the project factors of x based on x .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  delete a remote api .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return the windows version of the named compiler on sys .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  equality_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a mask string into a cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a default initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns a list of rate lengths of the given com .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show information about a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete discrete order n .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the center of the pixel .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a set of all active contributors for a given product .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator for saferepr .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge any environment variables .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if user is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return a vector representing the http/1 .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  compute the exponential of x and y in x .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert the hexadecimal unit units to a human-readable unit .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  xdomain view .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  returns a dict of all of the information in a filename .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  used by bond to visit and add the list of objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace all parameters in the expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the argparse parser to read the global parser for the given argparse .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used to get the csrf metadata for a request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a console command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a context with a simple model class .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of reserved owned by name .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find an array in a file .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  writes an error message to stderr or the exceptions .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric trigonometric difference trigonometric .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return the function name to check if the function node is used .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss over a predicted vectors .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  resolve server event on or before a track .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a class with the class name .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split a list of lists into chunks of values .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  pass me a template object for the given object and a regular expression .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return the path to the built-in state file .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get input from the user .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  this is a pickleable method with a numpy image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group of the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  restful crud settings for yahoo bing .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities to the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  compute label on a node args: name : node name of all returns: tuple: : node label .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  returns the server id for the specified proxy hash .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a string to a string suitable for case-insensitive .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the dotted loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the running resolve .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single xml file into a composite .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out circuit in the given way .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  creates a table in a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot from a template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write the checksum of the provided pack object type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return the version string for tshark .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a controller into a cinder exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  apply the specified meter table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return indices of an array of along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  returns list of recursively in a track .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a supplied providers provider and a list of current location this utility function .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a given single role for a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  a face .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import an image image uuid image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  variable options in the value variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to an email .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test for correctness of with kwarg .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  add a callback to the callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  pause until the query contains the provided parameters .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  draw the rotation matrix in the graph by rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  check the support for a particular support .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  context manager to easily specifying a fake flock .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns a random challenge for the given x .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items to a sensitive dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  will return a single filter in the metadata editing .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  a view that will called on any callable .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all alarms .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  given a buffer options .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compiles a file descriptors by pathname .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn remote repository cwd the path to the target repository revision remote the path to export the command line use for creating the file .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image with its dimensions .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validates that value is a positive document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a copy of cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return the degree of degree t in poly .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a known backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  get the matrix hermitian .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the actual header of a header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write vfolder methods to a method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns used to interact with application processing .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return image with the least two images .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix translation object with count elements in it .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that disables notifications to see if a node is set .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  represent hex character in a string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create potential potential potential bit description .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the deferredattribute cut of a set of polynomials in a used .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  given provider lun id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether the specified depth contains the specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer key-value pairs stored in a key-value file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  read a number from a double-precision header value .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  i receive args: string: the json text repr .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a key from a file and the local key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the downloader class by generating a filesystem .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce that can be used for filediffs .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  test if a numpy ndarray is supported .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian image function .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the argument as a unicode string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a cluster status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the available url for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the canon value for p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct the url from a course image and updates the url to the student asset image asset .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a validator validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  ensure expired upgrade if there is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a bastion class requested in a concrete superclass .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to ensure a logs a socket if it does not exist .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the specified extension is present .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables during the value of the build process .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  fbeta a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return a key for use with a reserved session .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  convert string to an iterable of panel .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this is a handler for a path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  clear files in the current .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a list of path index .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges the init and applies the python related to the separate process .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a list of used images from a directory .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generator of integer data from this thread_ call .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  check gcrs<->altaz against the 3920 and set things that decorating from various values .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  return tag matches a namespace .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict of files with the given metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  get an error message for the specified package .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert a matplotlib figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  run a tests .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  initialize the labels after each test .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test reading and information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that an existing store with slashes on the store .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of subreddits .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse environment string to an environment .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  mask -> int convert events to a usable event mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping role .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of a multipart bit transform .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return lhost suite for this script .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates value is an integer or a string .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a query with the worst hierarchy .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return list of central ports of the marathon provider cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that start with evenly-spaced values match the column .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  return the hash data of the requested hash .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a pathname is equal to a mount point .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  in the authn authentication mode .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames graph .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  a helper function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a list of values of values which can be found in values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  replace macros that have an xml character in the cdata xml file .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery celery logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the rest notification server for the current thread .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  return true if a file path is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  return a list of dependencies from the master tree .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  fetches all templates from available templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of all available error .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  clone soft filter to value a .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into commits sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get base axes series series and the given axes parameters axes : base axes axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy one or more source files to a destination directory .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  check if a machine exists in the following these are equal to a given value .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the network server setting to field_state:[row_headers] .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  creates a simple xml element with the specified name .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a set of test classes that are in the provided list of test cases .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  a set of all objects in the set of objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  generate documents of a position of int .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a assistant code .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the given prefix for the given mapping mapping .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests view support for behaviour support .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  for date - time .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns the current administrative local timezone object .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  return or stackstorm translation language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network records of a bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  returns the score at the given score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  simply runs the command .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset in length length in nominated .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  return the default uri name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of nodes in a number .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site name .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make sure the tests were running in a path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show user info .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  returns true if the given class json is saved .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test designer designer .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return the degree of f in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a n-queens instance from a node .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the common productserializer .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if any of the config file to receive their sections .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a expsummarymodel summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull shape from list of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl functionality for basic functionality gl functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return a filename in the suitable app .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate adjacency random numbers .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name database name to create a database user the user to create a database user the user the user to connect to connect as password the user
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove all headers that are found in the given headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a protobuf tag to a record with the given tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run violations of the entire violations .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an equalizer value from an equalizer equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  bounding of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = arrays .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete a server from the network .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  write out the windows java pointer in the figure .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  version of os .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates an uninitialized gpu shape for a given distribution .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  create new instance for a given config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return provider information for a given vm cli example: .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether the object would be finalized for a proxy call .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a function that returns a sequence of fastq pairs .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random seed string with random seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the browser contributions from the given calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of sizes .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the given job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the last pair of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  sets up the view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the clip of an arbitrary object .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a file from the waiting and return as list of completed .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  perform pcoas on n-dimensional distance matrix in the ask .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  computes the inverse of the mean of the values in the passed axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the gaussian flatnonzero matrix of a given array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  return a setupbase .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  finds the source and standard deviation of data .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a list of tensors .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock harvest can run only on a scenario with an empty lines .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data from given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape a string so it can be used as an html number of xml entities .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  get about all about the about the current user .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies attached to the given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  find the errback largest elements of an iterable that yields all the errback .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if the page has all the true/false files .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and log an error with an error code .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  check whether the only contains a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes the exploration for the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  convert a column string to a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read the xml style word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  used to recursively copy a dict of files that provided in the source directory and return a dict of the files that provided .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test if an executable is present .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  finds the creation sequence in a nucleotide graph form .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : map sep field_seq | map | enum_item | enum_item sep .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the axes of the current axes .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the all the viewfinder files .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  format static file into path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the special rss site url for the given rss site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado request to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  performs a position of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  perspective view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a file has protected protected .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running server in the background .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a configuration .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge two sorted keys in a dict matching keys in dsk1 order .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module number of the current instance or none if the specified number is actually specific to bytes .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  arg -> expression creates a sympy expression for a group of a expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  undo the effects of a system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a list of user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return binary component of a given index .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the character in the device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a datetime value to the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffchunkgenerator class used for w .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run a smtp action on the current machine .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk *beta* for a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute the nroots fraction of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a function that colorizes the parent of a test suite .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a list of packages currently installed version or installation not installed versions .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verify that certificate can be verified taking after that certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  show a files and add the appropriate repository to the destination log files .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a reads query from a request .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect the tolerant .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  returns the start and end time for the given offset .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a set of all docfield if found .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip making it is provided on the cidr address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read json file and return json as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure that its possible to use a data type .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  given a volume name .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  wrapper for calling database to look up the database in the site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds the --gae-sdk option to py .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  set up a series of points .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  disallow default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  insert a series into a complete element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  conditionally prefix for the current user where user prefix was located .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the file or folder if it exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  creates a sequence of text strings in an iterable .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  get profile then user name .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  get azure login state .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  returns the default component used for unset passwords cli example: .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if encoding is in encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  select and truncate a dns montage .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  break function to be used with scenario and return the mutant where the mutant is .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deleting a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil meg coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration behind comprehensive theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the number of alternatives to individual special properties .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  switch to the current event loop and waits for the given connection object .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a cluster privileges to a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  returns a protocol for a protocol buffer .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a routed routed database with the given flags .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a random published published object .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  input can be converted to map types .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the diff of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  run the main specific performance of the current thread .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  adds language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  use as a decorator to make a validator method in sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints given stream to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  string with xml entities .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  ensure that hugs uuid and uuid parameter works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of currently available on the system .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  open a timestamp to the appropriate bucket on the received clever for a tie .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os specific path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a physical version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  compare two arrays t .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test arithmetic cov covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a list of all breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in the file from the yaml: yaml: yaml: group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that will go over the total query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  allows a comment to be configured on a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate circular circular data for a given dimension .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  create a mongodb key for a given data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  returns matching filters for filters matching filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topic trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function with the given length .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert the input value into a 0 .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from an options file .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit chars in s with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have state state for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data for binary numbers .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for creating a clientsecrets object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with same directory .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster in the transfers table .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two rpm versions for following the standard package companies .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the password sorting matches the given password and that the maximum incorrect guess count has not been reached .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  given a python-like name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country token in a string .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility method to make sure that base_paths mapping works okay .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  return a list of quantiles from a log file of a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns a right-stochastic over the graph nodes in g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  return true if the variable is greater than equal to the replacements .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  enter a node .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by a transparency platform .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the given module can be importable .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  harmless each setup the each setup is a generator .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get detailed peering connection name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  return a helper function or none if a source file is not found .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  check if text in text is valid .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize python data to a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  returns a bytestring version of text if a bytes object is an utf-8 string .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle probability for a single probabilities .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  list folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return linear gradient based on a linear row and interpolation .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict of all the metadata needed to be found in the bucket that require a c bucket .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert none to the number of bits in a dataset .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a dask bag from many bags .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  time a timezone of a sequence of numbers .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test if cache contains a deactivated cache .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  create a new model instance that has already been submitted .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  computes the rank of the first unrank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test list of paths to sys .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  implies a set of files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use this function to unpack a socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  same as the rest framework .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel from a wheel usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  returns a list of tuples of the frequency in repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  @status the user out changed or added files .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator that checks if a testtools attribute is a testtools decorator and pattern are attached as a testtools .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the path to the custom build .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the url is at least one scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the location of the binary image .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  returns a timestamp of the time since datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create a 2d numpy array with the keys of a numpy array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  runs a load on a specified rate .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to get the large negative evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the mysql server is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  a decomposition or stays database that includes _execute_task to migrate components .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  enable etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  helper method to get and/or reverse parameters for http request .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test to ensure that report report a report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  creates or disable a bridge .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  check if the provided app is malicious .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to check the require relocation request .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a list of valid serial integer representing a string code .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  return target box for paths of this host .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister a class on the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  simple demo of how to determine a list of networks .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  submit a command to a queue cli example: .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  given a list n elements .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade proportions c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for a given host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  convert the text to a human readable format .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs harmonic clusters on a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates syntax into a syntax .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a str of the specified flags .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  context manager for timing data to catch known elements .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a non-decorator validator for checking whether or not .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to confirmation a file-like action for use with linearly .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a dlmf cross-validation which yields members between a iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  fetch the total consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sphere test objective function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if platform is an powershell powershell platform .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  handler for memoized_property that are not mandatory stdout/stderr .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  the leading and words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print the procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : callable returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a call opts .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage of this script .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for defining keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  run assigned to settings .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  estimate matrix for arma process parameters ar : array_like probabilities of time series : array_like matrix of pairs of lagpolynomial with leading ma : array_like sequence of freedom : array_like
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sends a name to the process listed in <program_name> .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a given user exists in influxdb .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  convert a form field from a form field which uses the default form used by orders .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name cli example: .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  run a shell command using the given shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  this function takes a request and returns an instance of the web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_edited_an_exploration to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from the given arguments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel kernel x and y:: k = arrays .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  given a cffi type this function creates a cffi type via a cffi function given .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  sysctl a *num* process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using installing from a virtualenv .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a powershell category .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop resetdb .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  check if object is one of the sequences .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  server:port correlation model:: cdf .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs disk logs if it needs to initialize up .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a list of bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  finds the parameters for the given graph and add the parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set windows computer on windows :return: returns a list on the windows computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a vector as a long column to a in the specified shape .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  convert a slice string into a slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a cpu_time() response code .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  constructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics and analytics ids for a list of analytics ids .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with windows .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager to allow testing to be used in https .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  calls s6 .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive numbers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait for a prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  replaces warnings with set-cookie: .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register custom plugin as stored in the to_dict .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domains or .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds the settings setting to the settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the influx binary sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract tabular steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple ob function that returns the tree in the attribute of the nodes .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  checks if the code is fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  returns the url of the server .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  tries to read the contents of a random file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if imperial is not in the same arguments .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the authentication object from the vm .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return a ascii85 string containing indexing operations .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  random()*i an image from a png file .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the text of the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the new username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  assign fails with an exception .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  the character should denote the middle of a list of strings .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  use the function as a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test if approximate .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns a list of files which have been untracked .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove a zone bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  modifies a generator which yields the given python body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  return true if the given user has closed or closed cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test transformations output .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being asked to look up a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view for show locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals from discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of words from the given string .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  wrapper around cartesian .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the cache for the file .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a ast filename .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  set the default finder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  get a sorted collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a varying instruction from the input *individuals* .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  updates a a deploy setting setting a deploy file to a travis server .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  returns the vcenter connection with the given connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up the tail in the total file from files .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  the insertionsort .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: test case .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute largest centrality for the nodes in the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve a timezone for a period of converting coordinates .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the box flux x between x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove senderkey from the file .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  deletes a key from opennebula .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test given user using the permissions .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the group and group of a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unfollows one or more packages if not already followed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  register the global build file backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we have an utf-8 entry .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  ensure that file extension returns its output file extension .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create autoscaler for a managed instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  escape pycuda function .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a process version of a process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  create an attribute from the same attribute which is a list of the same attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return image information for an image search : string search cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get current numeric timezone cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  jobs info on the jobs .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return the outputs .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to mark a client as docker docker asynchronously .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generic function to apply the profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two polynomials are equal within a and b .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether a user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is a system .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns the rest of this packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize completions for bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get absolute path to the users data file .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the jenkins address for the given url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  try to parse a text directive from a structured output .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  registers activation from activation even by samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get fully qualified by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove links from path if it isnt in a backslashes .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group report by group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the name of an event on the event .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  close selected event components on event params .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the value of the karatsuba function .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  create a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the same class from the same class in the receipt or tail .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  transform a tar surface .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications for given doctype .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that "clock" .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  test that the chargeback suite is not implemented .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  returns a default field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  user user to deal with the provided username .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return detailed information for combining combining man .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a device .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk section of a file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the current contents of the api specified by the easy_install and vals .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  loads the used instead of markers and remove any file .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  returns a due date based on a posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a helper function that returns a proper web server .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  displays about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime to a unix datetime .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  joins an identity file using safe region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the given process instance is a given process .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the query to use for the given model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  context manager that changes the current virtualenv to a file using a correct virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create an argument that runs during the database .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  dict of canonical paths in a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses courses to become courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return the path to the file paths .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  test if task result yields function .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a code string like node into a tree .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure that a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  patch information about a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container id or function as a decorator to a normal container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get a schema which yields the given flavor name .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  convert a list of flags as a dictionary of the specified flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about the log .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test uptime which settings-defined description .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email marketing marketing .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  set the params for the installed via alive .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the specified address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns the matrix-vector value for the given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get a tool shed repository from the table via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test single line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup tellstick sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  return whether or not the path should be treated as string .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to xml .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth data for user via http auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  return the same item in a sequence of items .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty file and return a single filename .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the providers api functions .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create the user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the file modification time as a file path concatenation .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select the stochastic stochastic from the stochastic .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load the xenserver json for the sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  skip test if descend fails .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans the sff header .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  convenience function to create a function that is a list of arguments .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  like wsgiref .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  require two arrays such that y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check whether two hitmask are unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  try to find all vispy modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether a part is probably the current part of a line .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test using no extra options .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  function that returns the symmetric value of the outputs .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the simulation control points .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a hadoop process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend an image by blending it using the log .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  abs(z) distance between two floats .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from the loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse datasets gives the same result as sparse .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch an dbms results for a given user .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  get valid setup for specified project .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  return a list of completions using completions for the object per method .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  return user copy of the current desktop module .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates or trim tags for given list of event tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse a dictionary of python values into a dict .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return true if x is an integer .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the encoding used by the locale to look up the encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete keys for bookmark .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  given the contents of a and a variable name .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing "-" to "_" .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  finds string for non-empty data .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize senate or raw data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track function for events based on irc events .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user name to a user name or id .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  create a synchronizes app for the given app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the results for two tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the strings .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for change user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare two surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize corrected commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes the incoming results of a simple white matrix parameters white : array_like .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the hash of a file using the given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a string value .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if aggregate is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message along with severity .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that yields corpus over conll .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d5 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split a list of items into a pair of items .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  decorator that calls a function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a detailed database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  returns a wsgi engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  try to get http connection with the passed as string .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the immediate axis appends a new figure to the specified axes parameters axes : the input matrix .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that can be used for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get all packages from the based on a package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the signal that was uploaded from the test .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write information about a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  perform a <style> time step for the given schedule .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a client by hostname name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper function which expects a file with the columns of exceptions that returns exceptions exceptions .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  output a value for whether or not .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the csrf token in the current request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return a process name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* until an char bytes is until the version of sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the value of the core apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a document by a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  depending on ipv6 addresses bypass .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  convert a buffer to a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users to the current user .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the contents of the specified path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new default context for a test environment parameters .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  function to identify a hashes hash function .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function which is a function with a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source string .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test start with no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return integer without gives an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  if one element in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test indexing of cert .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to echo back to a database .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  create a security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if given user is given .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create a new int window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a swarm object in the migration group .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load the module instances for a given module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  poweroff a running system with the cloud timeout setting .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute currently change of properties .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into its path and year-month year-month .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if name exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  produces the regex policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  on the local images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  applies force_str on all key-value pairs of a dataframe to a different list of features .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get norm version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop dtmf context request section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  return the repr for the given object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the specified table in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the query_string from the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  comb a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns true if the given iterable values is none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function to hide a canonical button from a namespace .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  return the copy of the object if "user" is present .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a taxon version of the string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  build a last-modified tree for mle .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return spectral clustering of a univariate graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  add or unlock a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to maintain maintain items in a list of salt cloud provider cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  returns output of a raw format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set mongodb part of ts .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  replaces a string with camelcase separated words .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  check the best time to see if the given rate is a glob_path: parameter .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes the cached rgb package .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given named group is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  import a module and return the class corresponding to it .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test iterate over a dataset .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  writes the string representation of this object .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert a bucket path to a bucket .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the parameters from a file at names and return list of names .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  run a test .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the bsd jail for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with table with table delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template to the extra data structure .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test variable like pilight .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tab from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  convert an xml string into a tuple of bytearrays .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get the size of the page .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  print the list of all results .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  check websocket in header .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release with the specified level .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  testing the network that contains the jacobian flow .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the function from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from elb .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled before they dont label labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  tries to invocation the ico nearest to the nearest os .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  view that returns a reset password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  return the configuration options to use .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build an rendering training .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns all coefficients of a non-negative integer with zero coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to recreate a password hash using the provided password algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  demonstrates ansi menu support .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  383: is allowed to handle varying .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread to operate in a thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  creates a trivial graph of the specified graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if the object is an instance of the terminal .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check that filename is only used .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy raw objects .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the name of the file that the given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a serialize instance from prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  like split() .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search media type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  run the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a valid api .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more devices cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  return true if the named service is restorecon restorecon .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  returns true if given python version is a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets the log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a simple group with simple worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent is a session on the server .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check if the partial fields could be finalized .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to upgrade branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode string value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  hypergeometric test objective function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current user with details details in the email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python function on python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the ssh version of an ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract the snmp snmp data from a string and return a named snmp string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  returns the current api version instance .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to call soundcard on path .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks the current method as wanting to receive a current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content of the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of numbers to a number .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  unmask unmask as an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to high] .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified project and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of the int in x .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds descriptor for enum instance .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start a service on the rest server .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the decorated aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts utf-8 strings to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a mainly version of the feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the percentage of the expectation that are not within the basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text to a specified width .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the specified traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display command details .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the given hash using the specified hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  run a fake registration on all devices .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the start and number of the state of the file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method to determine whether the user has access to the blocks of the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the length of the shortest path between source and target using the a* algorithm .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers in a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the modified time of the module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 and d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the escaped text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge a list of dictionaries .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the xblock name of the discussion id of the discussion id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that prevents audit from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or more roles to a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  import and return whether it exists or not .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a constructor for a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant f in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function to convert a string into a list of numbers .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  use this module to get ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns version from the system cli example: .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether events on or not .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  returns a list of the gamma sum of the given date .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to strip all the leading source code from a beta .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  return the expected dict of the function on the host .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  make an sms phone number with the specified number of sms .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an astroid delay function for the provided delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  the stream generator .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test ica data raw raw data raw .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a message is installed .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a json user story .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update year and create version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example strategy using tracking .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment accept section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get the main function from the given year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return full path to the user-shared urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns true if running on the minion .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element and wait for a page with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  this function prints a bug in a very specific data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the request matching prioritize and 2068 section 9 .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  applies any fields in i_of_i form for i_of_i .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  returns all accessible courses courses to a user .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the element-wise cast simplify .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  returns an items hash which specifies the user to address ones in ldap .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes an entity by protocol .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  compare two tensors .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test basic textures .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the value into a boolean value .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  update an example file from a restify .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  call signature:: command with or get-spider-stats .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named value is absent name the name of the job to remove job end of the state of the job to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load an object by path .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list of feed objects .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete a module .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  make sure that a given package is installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  call conda .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the join of the graph in the graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of config file .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  returns logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list in a single sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get a list of all user ids .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set up a certain message for processing .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter with any key=value values .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test classes classes option .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the region of a phone code for a specific number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  generate an image of shape for the given figure .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  replaces all sequences of a space character .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  this method updates the standard set of data .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the random device size of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check for the user to the current user .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a set of valid ngram .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  bind the given values in the given values to a given root .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate standard normal loglikelihood of a given floating point value .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename and return a whole url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized to res/templates .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  this function returns a list of the most recent values for a given file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  look for functions that tries to be decorated .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return a list of appropriate alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return a skip response based on an authorization json string .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  coverts a datetime object to the given expiry date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the restful notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the cyclic group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clears the logs stored in the current logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  metafy an exception and returns the grok .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the contents of a text file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  get all table info from the given table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  return the index of the line of a text .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  convert the windows notification to a thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  replace post nodes by their {node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return true if the field is a percent base class .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the text of a given width .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write the .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  quickly see if a file is in an zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  log base log for internally .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns the mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  get the indent hint hint .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the output colorless within double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke up task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the difference between two mount objects .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns a string warning for a python version .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the social login page .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks that the given datastore is a test .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test data with unbounded pattern1 .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse string .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add stringprep or remove stringprep found in the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  gets the path from an image .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast arg into an int or int .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a timestamp for rfc 2822 .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  displays messages template context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  this is a helper function that checks if the path is within a dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to define .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  attach a logging handler to the python root logger .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  given a filenames path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  merges a list of data into multi-line vectors this utility function calculates the appropriate vote = [ .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion release section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  logs out default and gist .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  return the http requests path_info as an http user .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal function for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  starts the next character .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a json file from cache directory .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default view that renders the default template with a different template .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command in a given shell .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  html message to a string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test find-links as a virtualenv-local .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that checks that the stack policy is not a stack .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a bootstrap dict of dictionarys output .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of image flavors .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in file .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes the input data so that it does not involve its mean .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  calculate convolution line based on profile image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a unicode element to a bytestring if it isnt an utf-8 string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if filename is a any file in the given filename .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  given a path name .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a requests check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  attribute this file .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile from a file-like object .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer ok allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit should filterable is the same view .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function used by unix socket if the like a generic file .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  given a pkt .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the class registered to the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to call soundcard on path .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a document in the package database .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test drawing function for debugging .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the restful info file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  determine which pci should use for the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy is available and building it should be equal to enum .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  a version of deprecated which will called during a particular type .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  method used to apply a collection of integers to a collection of integers .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the replcement is in the dovado .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  expects the given theme on the given theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  return a list of tests to run a test modules whose names start with a list of tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  does the opposite of indexes .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix file into dict .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id that can be unique in the case of their groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  returns the hash for the given hash at the given hash hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance of a wcs .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to an extension .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the current user for the specified user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert a string representation of an ndarray .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : a : a : a string or @alias value returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add an element to the list .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort dict of keys based on values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the default widget for a widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the index .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look for the key in the registry .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the direct intersection .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto item .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait for the specified function to return true if the func returned in seconds .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a validator validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default product name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  create a continued length of a directed fraction fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes contained in a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a textual search suggestion .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the complex loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns string from a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a suitable for attribute that will be consumed by a list of tuples .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture which provides a recwarn instance .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace name to modify the tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the labels for a group of time .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the path of the current device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove constrained for song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  get elemwise units with a number of units .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  converts shape and shape to a ndarray .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  return true if the given minute key is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate statistic for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given url is used with the given prefix .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat api .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new remote thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return the description of a user as a string .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  converts a query string like url into a dict .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  occured is the erfa module for the erfa distribution .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate that key names is valid for args .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the boot model: .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  returns a propertygroup graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the pwd_hash integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set up the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return the single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a list of path pageurl .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the given ip address is lies within log_format .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of all the files in a given directory .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if a directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add components to a page if one .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  returns the html path for the outline of a .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within the appropriate local directory where where where where where where where where where where where where should be supplied where where should
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a theano tensor variable with the same shape as x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  add a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  convenience to create a test suite that applies the default value for each tests .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the given flash has a positive messages .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new add form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns the local reference of pattern dict of reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct constraint or type for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  default zone information for a given zone cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  converts a prefix of subscription namespaces to a tz-aware validity .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test y label int .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a tuple with no more than one element in the specified coordinate .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch an argument to a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks if a checker is in a filesystem with a given code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  gets the rank of the given rank from a list of @one .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a list of data from the system .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  ask for a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten a variable with *new* connections .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  converts a search term to a packed using a search term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this endpoint is used on response .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all named nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to a given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a list of tuples from the given list of elements .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turn an image into a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  returns a list of python python based on the choice of the python interpreter .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to empty methods .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text of resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  keep the named host .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  make sure that the shape is exact wrt a specified host .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test word word calendar .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try passwordless passwordless a private server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns a set of all the roles that are in the given system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if the given timestamp is equal to the given number of seconds .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks for any callable in the request and returns the result as a list of stuff .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  returns a random integer within the given number of elements .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  given is valid csv file .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create an instance in the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  remove git command from git .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  an class that tests a "clock" function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  define a llvm function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  the timeout should have a secret time .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a list of paths to a list of dotted-notation modules .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  returns a list of kwargs for a particular actor arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  splits to the rabbitmq queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository from the branch .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  build a point for a served .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  main method to send a main method .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  return the users username .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point in :math:varphi(x) .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade a column that will be used to create columns in the specified db .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the square image using a given url .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset the audio db for an audio movie .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  creates a global page from a page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject names into a given event class .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure an output is not found .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  updates the named service for a given clone cli example: .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has a role on the role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules used for the given rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the code is in the list of sys .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view function name return the appropriate class corresponding to the view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quota remaining parameters for a given class .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets the gpu fraction .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  express negation .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  update the changed groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the true iff the given iterable is the first sum of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  given the host and a promoted key .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns a dll from either a string or unicode .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create a new collection of parameters in filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple :math:n function for ease .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the id of the current site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of this backend [instance] in the current context .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  pack the given image .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  compare two entity key in a regular expression .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a phone number from a number of groups .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  get profile id matching the specified service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  join a sequence in a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  rtl is a process that will parse all the queries in the specified annotate .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  calls a single rising on a zero resource .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  given a path string and return the /etc/shadow output of the file which the directory is installed .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict minions to sqlite space using a forward operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the local variables .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a random addon instance with the given name and type .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize an windows page .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  construct a web page from an http result and applies it .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a list of the scalar address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  call the given template with the given args and data arguments .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the search index for a type specified by the type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create a base overlay .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort a mapping by the mapping .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks whether a given ufunc can be upgraded for a particular dtype .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  download and set the language codes in the request .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test annotations on a edf file .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the specified project .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  get the dates from a range of time to and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get error invalid addresses .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the storage repository to the storage repository .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it does upgrade a dependency upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections of the loops for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check for a given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a few .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  returns true if the given shell is in use .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add the error message .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single entry from a list of integers .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits of the same length as the two node .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  initializes the given html with an event .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a graph that computes the given loops for a given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the exported version of the file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  return true if path is a hidden dotted dotted path or a dotted symlink .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  import a data file and return a list of summation .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover cover of the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a convenience function for simplifies with a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  return the given aggregated dict like the standard output .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema models in a namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a token to the specified action .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise a saltinvocationerror if the given resource is not found .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize the input string by replacing all but the input string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we have a container .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide input() for all namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  parse student file for a particular student in the course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  compute the linear bit of x and order of the data .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns the given file or integer instance as a string .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  return list of available features cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the path to the pretty user .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  helper function to run a python module in the filesystem namespace note that the specified module is located .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verify the specified args can not installed .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  given a directory representing a list of paths .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  set the set prefixed by swiss or cacheing buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  generate a testcase to test the volumeservice specific config file .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given statement body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a logging handler to the list using the review body .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  returns the fixtures .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption on the given cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  add dummy message to a string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  returns true if path does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  api tester handling .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns the path to the appropriate index file that is needed to initiate .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  returns the name of the binary were running in .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the prefix list .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  create a mesh of edges in a to be a mesh .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return elements of a and b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  convert a byte string to a byte string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  build the survey for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a token to a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name put it will be failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri to a local url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the vnc ports port to be used for the specified port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  ignore specific error phrases for the given *iterator_type* .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  run the history of the history interface .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the current stack trace .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  reset a dynamic event on the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  construct an appropriate record for logging messages .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  create the regenerate certificates in bulk .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  field_req : rule | identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the overwrites location of a variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an rgb image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc vector to eeg .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture the responder response .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and stores the given service type and the full service type .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read a random unicode string and return a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations to a translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  get a list of valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  find if the first item in the iterable that will be returned .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  return t rounded up to tstd .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random unicode string of length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using cpu .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test if specified separator is ready to be prefix .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get whether the user is a qurl .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert a number of bits into a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value rounded in a python 3 .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a list of model .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  convert the access flags to the form .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the gluster command and return a dictionary .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  add python elements for a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral flux between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  return true if any files which should be present in the same file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email to users .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  return a unix timestamp from a unix string .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run the geos tests with the provided arguments .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the leakyrelu cosine function .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the path to the users locations for this file .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test fit for a regression where the mean is congruent and thus split on fixed versions .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return entries for entries that have no colors .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if the field is an errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a keys match for a list of dictionaries .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  a helper function for testing .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  find users email for a public .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the epsilon for the given epsilon .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the proper sync date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorate a function that will return the result of a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  returns true if all white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate and return certificates generated certificates for students generated for a student in a given student .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday used for observances .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a query string containing all accept keys .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  validates whether a range has been written as json .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  context manager that changes the stdout of block .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given an artist dictionary .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  notify about an instance using a previously configured on the delimiter .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running on a system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  run a system command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return a dictionary of fields of the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  robust we should always return a reasonable one .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor service and get information about a specific selinux name the name of the module to be used as a raid process .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  entry point for ipython .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate separate instance for image .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell by matching parameter .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  breaks the value of a specified instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of flavor zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  returns whether the node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given node is a super super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: scan-build send the jenkins version for a build .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  receive a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  require an nginx version .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version as a string .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake scripts to the specified device .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder nodes of source in depth-first-search from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses all "data where elements in a given number of source code is one or more than one of the best .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  computes the square root of a keras tensor and a square integer .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle in for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch setting for the current request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume advance the iterator n-steps server .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  apply the lhs function to a lhs location .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes tidy style options and returns the whole fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check for process with the given pid in the process tree .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance from the given target class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads the authentication server and commits the text into the proper state .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get a relative file from package and path .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a decorator that wraps substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a file from alexs website .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the filename matches the given template file .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an object like user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  class decorator for subclasses of the decorated methods .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  sets modified on one or more html .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get snmp string .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  creates an stanza of plugin form via stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  returns a tuple of for all pep8 reports .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file in the given filesystem .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a bytestring .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string warning .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  get a configured oslo_messaging transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert chunks of size to width .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options to the appropriate ui options .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to the socket server and return a working certificate .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  a decorator that ignores any arguments .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  release event manager from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  get the line number of the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a uid .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  separate a function to skip a new server on a given span .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for two labels .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  replaces all occurances of a given comment with a given character weights .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get the path angle .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a string in seconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  return the path for the prefix of a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is a precision .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the repository .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  coordinates for given dimensions .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a symmetric vector suitable for builtin builtin using a continued integer .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a view for technical exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure the given context is not set to others .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email based on the provided parameters .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  add a module-level argument to an existing web page .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  create a set of values that can be used in mandlebrot .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  gets environment variables from proxy environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given path .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  loads a pdf file from a path .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a bson loop to a specified object .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load the named entry from the given keystone .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if there is ignored or contains ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  simple generator which yields the http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  raises importerror if the given activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  try to authenticate .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for a given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment used on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extracts all the flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a course is roundtrip .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return list of group objects that can be sorted by the prefix .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test basic macro expansion .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update glance metadata from a volume by adding a new key:value pair to the key:value node .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  returns a resolver object .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the decorator .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all themes in the themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a list of the results of a process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format value of commandline dataset to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  assume that the given credentials is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat arrays along an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return the running services cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the literal string .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given the clsid name .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read an encoded header from a stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a regular expression containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | plist | plist | plist | plist times plist | plist divide plist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the across vo warnings in the specified module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  given a url this != for the provided scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random filename .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a package with apt-get .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array of classes in the specified ndarray .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies that a string is a valid eia key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a super .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close file descriptors .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a shell command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator that specifies the decorated function once .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a sharedobject tree representation to a stream of x-vals .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean series/array and whether given string is a regex that matches the given regex .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  replace sjson as suggested it returns sjson as per milliseconds .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the current markup filters name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler config from a given directory .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load a file from the given objects .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  processing processing .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  returns the contents of the dropbox .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  given a list of collector targets .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that approximate .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if user is contributor to a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return value of given data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  scan over the next line and others in the registry .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the facet titles for facet titles .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html section to be used for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the checked class for the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for checks the decorated function is not a new one .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  will wait for a lock to be copied .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a secure dict of the given djangos-social-auth .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  watch a namespace from a lambda function .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test for static node and classmethod .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  a neighbor attribute must be used to render connectivity .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that the closest file is pil .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  sets up the cli line and returns a new one .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the key from the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  binary byte .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the value of a matrix to be a vectors .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  get ports and security ids of a port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate password integrity password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  return a datetime object according to a datetime object: .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  on a list of all installed on this system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get attributes of an object or attribute .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator to traverse the vdi-ref level .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown or xml character references .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  evaluates the first child nodes in a tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  this function is called after the first two vertical .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test the behavior of automatic rollback flag in the list command .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write a file in csv format and the string .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  make sure that the python and vectors are just a valid python value .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  test that you cant pretty to a pretty works as expected .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate the uniform order statistic in a rational .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds two or invaliddataerror together to the unit queue .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  splits all valid slices into a list of arrays .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode sqlite .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the receivers from the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator to cause a content processor to be used in a content .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the current multi-line matrix as a string .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the differences in the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the specified scan information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  generate print out of files .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  compile all the parameters and since promotions .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  adds the datacenter from every provider datacenter id for this request id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  returns a new dict with keys of the keys in dict .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting plotting .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the stride with the given dimension .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  tests if a string is a valid grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  shortcut to call http requests with the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads the data to a multiple of 2-d dimensions .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  return a list of progress string tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  a generator for listing the signature of the func .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an integer to a list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-zeros tensor variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an atom for an atom .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path from the standard subdirectory .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by id and update it .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file like a serializer file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  remove the closing from a text file .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a dict of information about the specified output .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given cache .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks a function as distributed for use distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return a blank string with the valid xml element .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return true if *obj* is an ovs base .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  get spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether sampling matches the scipys and writing are sampling /etc/sysctl .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from the specified service .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse a command and a filename .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  add the given number of space characters to the beginning of every non-blank line in beginning .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of zpool objects on the minion cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  applies the current thread to the current thread .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  get the default dictionary for this review request .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the wemo thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  delete an attribute on an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version information for the pyzmq of the pyzmq command .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  write request body of a content .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  checks whether the given kex is in the request .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a constructor for a basic varint .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a module version of the given bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if a cors contains a cors identifier for the origin .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the value of a fallback config .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  construct a version it from the output .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save and retry it .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns the iterate over a normalized structure with the specified shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the double value of the text after the first .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = a >>= b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluates a papers based on the sequences of the decryption .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return whether line is equal to the given line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  retrieves the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send request to the given times .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) entropy between nodes and target_image .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a series of a function that applies a series of linear frequencies .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to define a function that returns a cache result set .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt api for the last api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast x to none .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list policies from the principal returns its marker cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if tpot is visible to nonstaff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get all keywords in the keywords for which packages are different .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  returns the right and nested field for a given field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  choose the c pointer .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a filename is a rar archive .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current python version as a string .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic approximation .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  convenience function for creating a decorator that ignores arguments for a class .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  a change setting up the main review server from a given change .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export a csv file to data .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check if a given name is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the specified app .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information about the command line .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get cluster id from name or name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices a list of slices into a single string .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  create a schema from a gpio of its name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a string from the beginning of a block of text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  return true if the value can be escaped for boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and get a db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway gateway in the dipole gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a configure redis connection class for redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  parses a tag from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two files read more advanced arrays parameters data : int .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for log .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and sign it .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list object .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return the list of the modules to install on the system modules only modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the outermost file gets called by any new files .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for filters which require that a method is a decorator for match the minimum minimum .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validates privileges to ensure privileges are within the privileges .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  creates a query string from a single variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  cleans up the global browser teardown .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  computes the sigmoid shape for each dataset in a dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the xmodule class in a dataset .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parse an http date string into an s3 date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check whether a docker image name is a cherrpy for a given image image .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  make sure the user is complete against c .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the formatting of the special site .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to rebase to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the set of aliases in the shell .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  finder successfully finds one of the latest detects already satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that mandatory can be unwrap .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to detect if the corresponding http header is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the method type(s) to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram status of evaluation .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns approximate alignment for region to extract alignment if they are -> int .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of urls that should be a remote url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  the reflector .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function and returns true if the given connection is true .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  show the size of a setext .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns the login from the response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the patches function for use in the local into a headerkeydict using the master args: patches : variable uses the respective output .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test that a download from datasets is set up .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  returns a user with authorization .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update raw proj .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the specified module attempts to make it return from the group(1) .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the s3cache directory of a sockfile file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a value with the given value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  freebsd a specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import of task .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  start a function .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  replace entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a dotted bytes .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable/disable inline inline features by csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a server and returns a pure server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark with rate limits .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that a unicode property is a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars vars vars are detected .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set the username for localectl .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  get a sparse cast type based on function and type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks whether the given category is valid .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass in a source file to a tree .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for mne bem in mne .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  define a function using the permutates method call .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  converts a exception class into an exception .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test transformations validator for socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get an input resource from a creating creating a resources .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  parses missing object missing by "data" .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  does exp contain the safe p-value .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert exact pseudo-quotient in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same fields for valid characters in mapping fields also flags empty fields as errors will suppress suppress barcode or barcodes checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generate all possible pairs in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view for views which redirects to user .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time string to a given unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  verify that a portage version of the package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns rest config .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  verify pid is stale .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  reads a base64 encoded data file and returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  detect if code is double or number of code .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  example action to convert most common elements .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the element of a dependencygrammar is less than one .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  returns a compositelayer wrapping two mlp and state .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of audio urls for a uri .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure master function returns true if the master on master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters to a campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get the corner layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  wait for a specific delay to become active .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape that could be used to colorize .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  return project object given its path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text return matched matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a list of files with the provided metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  try to apply an minfo rule based on the contents of a rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node can be found in any source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if date is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the datum portion of a datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  run a full cluster verbose or just the specified cluster cli example: .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  given a scheduled task and a background file .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  convert a python structure to an integer .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the given image .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  code handler for l{safe_repr} .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a dict describing the changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses single events to get command line .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should be ignored without the it .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the generalized pair of the given hmm .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  can slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves all old document from a provided resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sun raster file .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy settings from http_proxy .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a pid is running under a given pid .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to retrieve a list of entities from api search entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html column can not use several multicolumn .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert the number of units to a performance unit .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return a path relative to the job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator to memoize a function takes keyword arguments and secret .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa table dict is desired .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  context manager that creates a file or a url to a given file on a given resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns the server description from a http server .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  context manager for counting counting with sys .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a client that is not found in the factory of an xml .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  uses a private key to encrypt a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns an proxies object that is configured for python requirements .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test to ensure that data from numpy params are started .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  invalidate cache of given sender .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  helper function to create a response for an application instance .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the name of the project with the given project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  type_name : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  generate a relative url from a sls entry .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract and extract a block volume info .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  make sure compiled correctly set in several frames .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of zones from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to find out the package args for pip pip pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a list of tuples of the given version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name corresponding to a learner .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replacement for a method .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state zi for the ground distribution .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the current versions of python interpreter .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  print the header line of the given line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo configuration for a certain post cli example: .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  convert a string representation of a python expression string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  run the shell command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse and produce a sol file .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  quote an etag .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the symmetric inverse of the current normal probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format an object for safe safe version of assertmsg .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne caching .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the shell command line application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an iterable over id .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous regions based on the boolean array of contiguous data mask .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and save the given bundle to the default bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find and return the source file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute degree of f and flags .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  average true range .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return a list of all available weighers classes .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions of consumed versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  creates an var principal using dummy variables parameters limits : array_like sequence of points to check for lag polynomial .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  whether timeseries is a timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a nested bit string to a tuple of integers .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of initial number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase for a complex image .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  this takes a list of strings to the bad value .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a thrift object given a string of a complex integer .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add a unique id to msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or update a new instance access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  create a kml for the given model .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  enable a list of available audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a double file from spurious .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  make sure the path is a string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  given a list of versions .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid bytes .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a list of cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns integer part of the serial languages as integer .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns the most appropriate theano graph that maps a subset of theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of the given text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the mean of the values in the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return the certificates of an trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  data -> unencoded decode data decode data data decode data using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect decorator which gets the most appropriate type for a given type .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  emit log during log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file tl .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the platform to use for the given process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  remove group zeros from the given sequence of functions .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  function to execute the main loop in the given dictionary .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  like string .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get an sqlite db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details of a named vm cli example: .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a path to a temporary file based on the clients .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on logging and log them to the pwnlib .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a specific reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent of the parent to use this node .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is an instance model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package installed file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  adds the vm to the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file object to xml .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  call post-configuration of the paths to create the path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the moving coordinate .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and put a string for an address .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the angle whose value can be used to sort the angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dictionaries of title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the filename from the file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return the python object for unproxy or classes .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file or file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a sample .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  takes a cinder volume and returns the backup .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws kms :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test source gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import submodules .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  create a list of rows from each of the rows of the dashboard pairs .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read a utf8 text file into .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert code to html function parameters html : datetime in course_key .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  return true if the function func has a known scope .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read a ipv6 address from a group of ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a string f .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag delete confirmation page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin introduces a tie where users get the build of waiting for the build .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename and return a base filename based on rendering .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set refs for displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a value for being a valid result .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  wrapper around functions that dont compare lists with respect to a list of lists .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a string listing by each string of the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image filter .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a simple stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  generate a cluster parameters tex : array .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test the behavior of pip show command in the list command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to get a list of notes names and all notes .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determine whether a particular user is subscribed to access a private key .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple view that returns the celery info to a celery service in the api .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get triangle mesh by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply 2d record for filtering and return .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  treq-api on the threshold table .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write a set of sample devices to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  create test template .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test reading application information .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract a cache value from the given list of ratio: namespaces .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract variables from lane_stack in sparse6 .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save the specified directory to the destination .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of given tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress information for the given opts .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  to make generated topic topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  return a list of specified virtual host .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  runs upload of a fake image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  the integer part of the first kind .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal smallest elements in a given row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from a file-like object .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a directory showing the path to the root directory .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse a string to a list of known references .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a new feed object for the feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter values from keystone using fval dict object values for data disks .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk a directory and yield python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function for transforming { matrices given wrt .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the version as a tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the wink sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  convert percentage to colour .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper method to traverse a dict of possible properties .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using the cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an authorized connection object from a fixed-size object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  append a list of possible paths to the parser provided in the parser .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates email with span email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a function from a widget mean .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  will import the levi-civita for the given filter .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out user from being .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from bti file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of tuples in a given list x .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi and clone it .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds the state of the state provided .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  connect to a given service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  convert an item or list into an iterable .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  pass in the location of the executable .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if version is a string .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  filter out all requirement statements in a pattern .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  sets a color palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - do not use default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of code data .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  returns a :class:session for a server .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  takes a string and returns the canonical .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns true when old are allowed using same results .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command for installing a systemd command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  escape markup for html .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function returns the contents of the parser that this template tag for the given amount of a description .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a random list in the order .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the absolute version of an enum instance .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  create login sender for each user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  run all the files in a given string .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  given a pointer to a free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  produces the user reviewer for an active reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark the value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse an error message and return an antlr instance .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  randomly change probvec .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if the user is admin for a group in group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  returns the current pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of message tags supported by the user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return account details that were running in the repo .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last modified lines of the line in a certain topic .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source view .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix strings to use in a sample using mapreduce .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  rfc 2822 datetime formatter .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks value is non-empty .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation in segment_info format .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this method returns true if the key exists in the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if the user is placeholders .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for deprecated .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  find a cumulative distribution function .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  main function .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed provided key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting measurement section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparsedataframe are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  abort()s should not cause exception when given exception is not double .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling functions .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  get the list of possible children of the current process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print a total general file handle generating signal .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  retrieve metadata for a given user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a given format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  to use directive .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the processname connection is visible .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  example: assignjs will try to bin all arguments .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock counter to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove all content references from the given content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and verifies the request on the request .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a javascript application .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the platform dependent application directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack trace .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to a package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  delete the named container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declarator semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  check if the first value of the sweep log .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a simple wrapper for the response code .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  adds a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read a utf8 encoded time the file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  return true if the given name is holiday for the given date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the error layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the url of the selected components .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value for the current request .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return chunks of serial chunks .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if the provided password is a valid password hash on the given password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a new reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  simple example of a json graph using jit roots .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds an acl group to a user .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the given block with the specified cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  returns a list of file names based on the path and the version .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  returns a formatted status code now for an instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer from the given filename or list of lexers .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  adds two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  a function to mark a function as getargspec for use in a url .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a json value for an object .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  verify that python interpreter is found in the given failure .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  define a deprecation deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patches a configuration section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  parse the id of a segments id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the russound component .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the named service is allowed to be found in the range .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  check the group id of this process .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  named user should add a new facility to the facility .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag and end xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get a list of order suggestions to a user based on project .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to stop a number or method after a number .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the minions job id to job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively deep the keys in a graph with the equivalent of the nodes u .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the first starting character of the packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse counters from a dict .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add an environment variable code to the beginning .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark key as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  wrapper to check external assertions for derivative of the matrix conda .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  show swap swap line .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of ctypes from the codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  return a timezone associated with the given name .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  test whether a string is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test source volume operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  a fake object to generate an object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the minimum non-singleton norm of the non-singleton norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator to use with the given function .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks type as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  disable one-to-one should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  create flowgrams file from un-picklable .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent by identifier .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the standard output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a file for reading access to the bgzf file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  this function creates a generator that yields all the collection data in a collection of dictionaries as well .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  parses the exact runs the requested database .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  collect a css name from a method which looks like .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert a single bytes in disk to a disk disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  decorator for skipping functions .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message for indexing a message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  determine the specified test ratio with no broadcastable .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  return the graph g for g using github api .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a release with a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  test mininet mininet mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether the device address is a pci address according to the pci address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate a given document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return is_public boolean if it in host is in this network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize variational model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  play event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  install a generic requirement on the system .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return the wrapper repo repo .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main application script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the rights should be used based on the rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  call a function function in a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  simple little function to dump the given indentation .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create attachments note that the given formset is a valid note .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  perform a base and rhs on two numpy arrays .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes cosine and solution distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the points with the bottom position .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setting a value of the configuration parameter for the given kwargs cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert text to an ansi color dict .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the generated data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert amount to string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  storage : name equals initializer .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  make sure the tag is in the path .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the timezone in the timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  setting virt only requested requested type .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  helper method to get a django user by its key .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  process histogram data from a file-like object .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all spaces from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  this view is used to load the get buffer and returns a simple content-type .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if the firewall is mon .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the certificate to the specified domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search for a query to a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  the *item* wsgiapplication and its user chart from the request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  helper function: unpickles json string .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish the collection and update the collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  alternative clipped function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  forces handler to compare the current thread .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the given indentation is a code with per line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for alignment with enquiry .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  computes the vector as a point in v .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) entropy between src_image and target_image .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet from a remote packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the data from the specified runner .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  tries to delete a user cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get the text explicitly read and update the text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list available and their labels on the system .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the context of a given value .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  return a list of users that are shared by the user belongs to cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the faces .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  return the suite for the given module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if a service is enabled to be enabled in the services .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the specified certificate name the certificate to the given certificate store store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create the logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each template .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape string for use in a url .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check a database .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a diagonal array of the lower diagonal .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for a stream to reach the status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  get markdown data from an object .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if the given image is in the range preserves all the pixel value .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address is a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  deep copy operation on an orm element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  merges two values of the keys in alphabetical order .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  estimate the arma partition for arma process in a given document and ma .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  returns the path relative to the filename of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of all models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin filenames of the file .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write discovery files in a given service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a domain name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  get specified actionhook by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches the musicbrainz album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova db .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  validate a change names .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  return the full path of a getmodulename .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  mark an existing modules as disabled .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an n .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volume for the duration of an already on localhost .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed checks html-escaped mapping file input_fasta_fp: input mapping filepath output_dir: total mapping filepath percent_subsample: tree filepath tree_subset: if true .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  serialize a result file that was located with a different string .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  given a template name and a template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert string into corresponding to their corresponding index .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice signal for assumptions .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the xmodule xmodule .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of history .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a label of the labels into a vector of labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator to add a trace to decorators .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a user is in the touch for a given file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the request and returns the logs as a wsgi response .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a new web browser url .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns the alphabet object .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy based on the rules of the rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  prepares the native unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a randomish .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of intersection sets for disjoint sets of sets for disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test working_copy() with non-prettified .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  removes assetfinder and/or outliers function from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a color value .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on posix-like systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  finds all matching files for a given glib .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete or version number of versions and report if the version is specified .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  instantiate class details after preprocessing from the same name .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  fix syntax error if an ascii string is no newline .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a memcache .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete a file at the specified path .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path based on the flag argument .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a alarm by name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks if the minimum value of the last correctness of not installed .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  clones a redis redis client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  returns the given string of the given value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  show a list of lists .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests a proxy corresponding to the given unit quality .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a string .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  print a range header .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create an empty group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  returns true if the given target/ident/fn is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies available to the given marker .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all requirement conditions for the given package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync hosts or documents to the database .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function that will be used by the year and fails to dont start .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope hide the runscope report for the job .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a command and return its output .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row of the to_match row .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the response returned by :meth:oauthremoteapp .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the protobuf api stats .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to check the require require the default patch and does not exist .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return an auto-incremented instance of the entez object .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract a portion of an option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush a few hypersearch after the given ref .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for the search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  check if a function is dict] .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  return the number of postings revisions matches the output of w .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove boldface formatting from the beginning of a string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a view to a type of numpy .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of data that are available for the given list of potentially type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a generator for all lines of a given text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  scans the jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return tidy tidy for a file .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  for all of the true classes in the given module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get changed .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  compute the count of each feature in sparse sum of rows .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all host user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read a page from a page using the given thrift literal .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract valid inventory .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  a function to use to use that we also have a shared set to gpu shared variables .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  listens to activations .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test the total flags for pip .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  call this function in the correct program .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  fill a cuts for a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  select shared variable and target values .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the given list of nodes in the given list .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure an magic magic is a valid magic .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  read a server id for each server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  returns the filename of a file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two all files in the given format to a function .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a continuous input .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a string representing the ordinal that contains the strings similar to be used as a visible string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  checking whether a user has staff role that a ecommerce api is used as a courses .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get the current vmware vmware environment .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper to force global eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a list of resource objects from a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new amp that tests that use the given service .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the specified uri of an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the constraints .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  perform the second logs step .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of the le .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize network to leaves .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  sizes the registry .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  retrieve a requests request for an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  make sure the user can specify which do not import .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test 4-tuple of two batchnorm based on equal model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon to faces .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all columns that are available .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that a container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  try to find a python tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a string .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test the cpp module can be initialized .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the web page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of le .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the function used to call a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a named container to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  when a user starts a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the argument into a boolean value .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes helper function for tcp tcp method .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of valid comparable for a given comparable .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  this function returns true if the files in the html header matched .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet of known tweets .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  decodes a base64-encoded string .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  cache a series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for starting with starting shape and shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  instructs chocolatey to flush the dscl cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template template as the given template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies the post form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  step runner can be a step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator to inject a handler to a store .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return all defined migration .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string of one or more query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  does the "generate contain the user: requires the request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize markdown illegal to remove markdown .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to a integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  set restart to restart a time .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  returns xml attributes from a valid filename and a dict of filename .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  returns size for current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  return the docstring that is in the domain .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  access settings and prints additional settings .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  used to read an image bytes from a stream of bytes .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create total dict of bytes for a given dependencygrammar .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  require an apache site to site a site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a list of bin/* columns from another meter .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  given a stc .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all directories of the scripts .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  return the system path where the directory is located in cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with grammar replaced by a given regex on a list of dicts .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip the test if you exist .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  convert the given files into a list of links .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract ipv4 address embbeded in 6to4 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a given model ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  process files that take the given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return between sortexpression markers in a precision .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns all folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full image to autoregressive .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the inclination and number of comments for the start of a range .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check whether versions of the current python version is equal to write installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  calculates the log for the given tps .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  registers a performance description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  user can be spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed for a marathon pods .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  return a tuple of tuples referenced in a given template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  return true if all the given doc in member is iterable .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get joined loops lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this function checks if the file is a range of files .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that the ip for use .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs for a given list .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse an xml string into a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that the distance between coordinate and see if the coordinate altaz is encrypt/decrypt .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update comments are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns the appropriate header .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  takes a list of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if a server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  build the link to a block using the page listed in the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the whole vs .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add an inventory dict to the inventory[ if set .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run a command in the specified shell .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  filters out the label with the arbitrary color with the given color color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of logp at a given point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  return true if the given object is a updateable updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  return a list of supported shelffn .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when a given time zone is modified .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the labels is valid host: labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular executable .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  ensure that prefix is not a prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  make sure that lock lock occurs .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a new model instance with the given object removed from the model class .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  a helper function to ensure that value is a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  linear regression is needed to get an ols distribution .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a registered expression .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image to a complex image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  perform an decorates attacks .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  calculates the repository for flocker repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get rid of a package .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  request a hook to be updated on a performance of the edge .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to a process .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create an empty file if it does not already exist .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  skips a test if the appropriate tool is in a galaxy tool .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load the jenkins file and return a password .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  make the journal for the given journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the absolute path to test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the unicode string with a unicode string .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a directory where it does not already exist .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates a list of ids of job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to mark a function as an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the name of the currently selected server .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  return a random integer representing the original tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager instance from the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  returns true if and only the type for the type passed in .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether the given content is a lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  moving a bridge .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  return a dict of roads roads to edx roads the most roads messages .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a string like etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs main .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print all the results in the list of arch .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clear the uuids for patched .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load all sample images from the given module .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether partial date formats provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  multi-dimensional binary search term .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  return a tuple containing the deprecated configs .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  returns a url based on the scheme .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a version of sum .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  try to format a phone number using a phonenumber number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  convert an image array to a regular expression .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  returns the part of the given expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  parses sturm sequence of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the xml file .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add new instance to the users on the event .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file to a remote host .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete a group parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure canvas for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return a configured configuration key for a site config .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  set up the http security headers for all relationships .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily change the whole context with the current thread in a background thread .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  modify the wsgi pipeline based on the provided file .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the ttl ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a geojson args for a geojson .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test to ensure the edge is raised .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the ip address representation to a cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get the changed filenames of all filenames for the given repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively resolve an object and all the content of the given object .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the salt-bootstrap with the right ratings set .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if a test web request exists .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  call signature:: image of a given site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata['recommended-methods']['value']['procedure'] response .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand a dataset into a list of elements .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check if a control file is present .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the full path for the given vmlinux vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  a simple hot response to one .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal expression with an expression or fermionic form .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  creates an iterator that flattens the format generated into a dict .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not exempt from the response .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a method to an instance instance instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  loop through the execution of stderr .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  returns a class from a string for use by the given exception class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  attempt to process a trace from a trace file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  look up a search for a specified direction-w .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  click click on "bad" dump .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  invoke the given function .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes the given index keys .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use the points that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  returns an image in a given uri .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy an object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines default v3 v3 for order v3 model .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup a simple server with curve curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  slices the 2d column of the elements corresponding to the site .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert a list of cdao cdao to a primitive name .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of an attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  returns the kwargs for f .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the appropriate versions of the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to filter for both single folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters out any item in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to deal with the given data .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system context for a user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that the directory path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return true if the provided url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random hypercube samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  the current model to serve .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  check the requesting password against the current desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  no data can be followed by the blockdevicemappingitemtype folder in a bokeh order .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  parse info to enhance .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a decorator that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  returns a list of matching the operator in the expression .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a unittest suite for the provided test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the unicode expansion of the python code if the encoding was not equal to the given encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the complex complex from the first floating point .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path to the path dictionary .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of the row element-wise examples .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  calls the specified incron command to get the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file can be used by this module to create the static file that we want to serve static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  prints request headers based on response headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write a text file with encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  construct a group of fixers .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the given tab number is supported for use as a number of floats .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make sure that a deployment is in a deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the main ip addresses assigned to an interface on the system .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized function .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  write text to the stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  write the boto library .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  displays messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  applies a string with a list of sequences .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a decimal and returns a decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for dependencies for the ordering .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multi-dimensional gaussian structure with gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests which logs a user with corresponding submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a information criterion on the drac drac .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an active transaction to the vm mapper .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate file and return the must_have_addon node .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if regression 3938 needs to be created via comparing .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves a session to disk with proper permissions .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  return the current request as a no-op .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage usage associated with a path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the component of the first component text .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  used to write streams to out_stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple html form .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  check for cache if we can import ? .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test integration integration integration .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load an active notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  replace windows labels .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert int or int instance to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a hash for the given module using the environments hash modules .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates updates scale by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by attribute .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape a string of force .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure commands is used .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  runs a single module and apply the pillar modules to pillar .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  format the output of a nest nest nest nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  return the character for the given argument .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  exit from remote system .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  calculate the spline simultaneous test for sample .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost within a given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls that should always return a url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse linear unit function .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine corresponding to the given host .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  returns a continuous random variable with values and typecode .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for a boot and a new instance of the corresponding rgb image .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a partial tool shed url from the tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  convenience function for quickly .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from gcc .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns absolute path to checkpoint .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator to decode streams into a decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  the sequence following the first heap in seq .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  less than the square-free way .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a sequence of scope .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send and return a channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test 3d example of wcs .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the squared sum of a list of numbers .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager for store .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return a number of namedtuple for creating weekdays .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  construct a class for declarative class .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get all single course milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  returns true if text is asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string of the form .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  add a text version of the beginning of a text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to work with indexing or minimum examples .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  display a list of tuples .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login with base whitespace .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get integer scale by libvlc it .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  find a user id from the group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to network .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  stops an event handler based on the gui .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  destroy warehouse .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function which maps to stock cases .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  updates the throughput of the trail module .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates length checksum from difference between two points .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to make sure that an error is not nonexistent .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  format an ad unit node settings .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  returns the file encoding to be used as a unicode string .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable monitoring enhanced stream with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a github security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the open summary of a document .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a set of all duplicates in the "locales" that exist .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the path of the global global configuration file for the request .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  given a list of formulas .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test that helpful is expected .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new path of the decorated function .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove one or more python tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  notify about a notification about an event .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  set a simple connections .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sql match .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  return true if the pattern matches the branded occurrences of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get a specific user flags object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run nagios plugins and get the result of group .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  convert an wire or other labels into a standard message along the messages from the wire .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal receiver when a user is passed .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different color values .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import the module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore should be treated in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  generate the shorten value of a key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around a rectangle around the bounding box .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function creates a list of emails that can be used by any function from list_id .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file or directory cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator instance used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return what example: references references from a namespace .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return whether firstset for firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a file x is a sequence of blank pairs .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test integers/bools using newtons method .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to copy a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  create valid unicode characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the attribute for the given object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  return the base version of the source command .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return list of available controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  determine authentication arguments for operating .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  sets a given image to a given image parameters arr : array-like .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  create an autoconfig vertices from a autoconfig cloud provider .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects the static files .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for the type specified by the type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a courses body string .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return the path to the scripts .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the type of the type specified in the given argument .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  concatenates app keys from app_label .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that max .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of intra-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify that server shouldnt be imported should also print it shouldnt be part shouldnt shouldnt be part .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges translations into one stream that merges streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add the reserved level .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  remove the current active mon cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  raises a helpful if the current user does not exist and the message with the given name .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the given function .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  return a new file without any errors .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  adds prefixes to the key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the time in the due to the due date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of dataset that exist for training .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the ribes from hideki list of corpus .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity of an undirected graph .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate of specified certificate file this can be used as a dictionary of the certificate to discover the certificate files that were not installed via cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check whether expression is present in core/storage .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a series of image metadata for a complete image by running images .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  a decorator to enforce user conflict .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone keystone is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a given set of points .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unicode string for an atom object .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wrap the given string for inclusion in a template string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of file names in the given environment .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads average .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  normal risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new colors to be sent to color .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  add a file in sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  try to connect to the clean server .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  get a pdf page from a filename or a pdf page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the platform token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version of the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes and returns a ctypes library instance .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion with an order .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  save the model to the given model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets domain information about the hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with an fishers z distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the actual capabilities response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validates that version is a valid version string .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of packages on the master .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  approximate block matrices by replacing each field in the compress array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test spm functionality with raw data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the tests that the specified sdk using the given test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the evaluated tetragrid from the identifiers .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the given header .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a linear matrix memory from the shape and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get a list of hosts and a specific hostnames .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  returns true if the function is true .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  return weeks information from facts .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  downloads a group .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a volume group in a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  decorator that skips a test if you call the specified array .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int or long int to dotted quad int .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  we have a sparse variable with two binary numbers .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test cross product between 2 filter_params .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  reduce a nxn .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that a regression removes the inverse of the mapping rs .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores deprecation warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add vertex given stl vertex line .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the log base x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  payment specific swift .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each catalog catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  inttobits is the same as the githubsession#build_url .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entities for a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve letter mappings from aruba to equals .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  finds the state of the release .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  translates python data into json .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  get the list of backing file names .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the cyclic groups of order groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  format warnings the a message .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  this function prints the list of defaults to index .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill a processes within the process .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  import a local app .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores a character set of conversion from the restores method .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a new client instance from a configuration .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  a factory function for :func:joinedload() .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  call the squarefree function of a product of terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return string appropriate for the variable name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  gps latitude/longitude given a number of meters .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  return url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  return the path to the canonical form for the given language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  format ansible group of a __init__ document as a string .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated list to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields of the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a state of the state of a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  function that clean and update jobs info in a dictionary .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn a sequence of tuples into a list of element .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return a boolean from a string or float .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a class decorator for wsgiapp()) with a single attribute of the class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample function that takes two values of the data from which are samples for .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the id of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  install a module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  small utility function .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  retrieve information on a specific selinux version cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the media type given a media type and cook .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig output to separate files .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return information on a specific minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message to an error .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to retrieve all arguments from the specified api .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read the file signature .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  adds a new api client for translations .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a file in a given format to a given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the members from the group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file of given results .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the given string to a notebook identifier .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  extract the windows file names this is only used by the windows shell on the system .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  isactive a function so that the decorated function returns in seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  validate if the provided string is valid utf-8 or unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a path that can be found in the test suite .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a blog template .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the instructions name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename seems to be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  renderscene the value to decompose the futures alignment to lower draw .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to enforce that the response returned by the response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns html string with any pair of vmware content .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a string is a unify_walk .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker helper method .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores an environment variable from the table .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given argument that returns a user .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a path with given source code .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  checks two inputs of two inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert obj to float type .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  strip all ansi from a source file .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  test directed components of a graph .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find the unix file in a path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  show a list of comments for a specific cli .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the alphabet fit as a otsus type .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates the source file for a given pack .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of the error codes for each error in *errnames .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of collection matches a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure value is utf8 encoded bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  retrieves the users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  converts the pci requests based on the pci requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  convenience function to get/create a tcp tweets for a server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies fieldexpression to a searchparams proto .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  inject kwargs from the inject default values which are a inject defaults in this and kwargs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  enable capturing .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  tries to convert a sequence of cv into a string of sequence n .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if the character is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  runs the ldap client from a file .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt an object to a blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the current response body from the response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that is remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  get local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  computes a dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  tests that the in-db thread has been initialized .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted by name .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  initiate a setup of a given setup .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique columns for the given header name .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  jacobian of a real matrix the fetch/push/pull matrix the back of the angle of a gaussian urlencodes matrix wrapper .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  make sure empty is passed .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is in a fits filepath .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute the reconstruction coefficient c_h of the univariate polynomial in mathbb q[t_1 .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  unlinks the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a communities degree given degree .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  like quote() but writes into a python data structure .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search term based on query .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  drop the reset index .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  if given and setting are running in the running usage .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  provides a dummy dummy request to be used on the ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return data to a memcache server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  view for resetting user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the given file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  return true if the given string is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize an xml element to a textual element .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  create a function-call between a keyword and a imaging resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the chebyshev cost function of a penalty to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a helper to create a variable initialized with variable normal directives .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http authentication header string and return a dict of wanted header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch an archive file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the usage: of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build request from git .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  given a principal setting from a principal .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  add the operations to the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items in the given uuid and returns them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  maps a term string to a dict of name-value pairs .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which does a functions in the list of func argument is ei .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  string-ize savepoint file .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer model for a numpy layer .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  converts root environment variables used by root .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binom histogram data from a binned .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper function to fit a single pair of stuff .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if name is a reserved reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the logarithm to the base interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the version string indicating that the given version is a string .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  calculates a symmetric 1-d error .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style strings to snakecase .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure the hashed failure gets installed and the same data .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  call available commands and stderr .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack rar data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the type of the interface type definition .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  qnwunif test objective function .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  computes cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write the given file to a filename .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data usage at a given size .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns git connection to pageurl .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all data on all phylonode alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable initial monitoring stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic quality score .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set which attribute a value can be used to mark ones as old attribute on a textual host so that will attribute not used .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like print .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a flat list of indices that can be used to serialize the indices in the test .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node from a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  return an event object suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a new terminal .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a path through a given path using regular loop from a path on the configuration .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  runs a package like revisions .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  get next exploration notation for the given user .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set a new document to salt cloud provider .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write the .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  search for releases in the artist .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing virtual machine in the make .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  a replacement for the resetwarnings .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  find each line in a given directory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  helper to process the data and variable to a test .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  a schemes to get the document for a resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  if the given view is generated by a given view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  used for testing the current thread for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to the s3cache interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a number for a string type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly getting a single module and merge them .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  relative condition of a matrix in the matrix of a 2-d matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the hexadecimal string to an intersection of text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  get the hash of the git repo .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the args for all job ids and kwargs functions for a given input .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  return a dict of valid values in a response .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a signed message for accessing message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire dir of the entire byte array .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  retrieve information for a given task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if the file extension is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option with vpc equal dhcp id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier method for creating ecc .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template and return an capa instance .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  subtract a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via systemd cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator to return the recurrence and g .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of active mounts on the system .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service for the given service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  index a search using a specified search .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  returns a identity key for a key not yet arguments .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple actions for zigzag flags .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  multiply gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a python object to make it format .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  notify exists notification exists for the given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return the gradient gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sends stderr to stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for rendering .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info cache for the given template cache and clear the result cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  reads the project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  listen on an event loop to convert .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get current cibpath .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the shortest graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to bootstrap html5 message classes .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  get provisioner groups .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function reads a file or a path .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  return absolute value in the form with parity and greater than parity .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  sends the bifid cipher message with the bifid encryption .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create a route53 tags for a given resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message when a user has been access .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create pool for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default state with config .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource action method .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersection through the x intersection loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  resizes and image of an image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  enable the last topicsread for a test server .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be returned .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception code returned by the locale and return the new collection .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  internal helper to read the addr-spec .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the messages level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a python object .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  a media_list_player transplant .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  get either internal profiling or set of ldap log10 .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the windows nsobject .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a topic to a specified topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a paper design matrix .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  compute a string identifying an md5 hash of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object to a template string .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  convert |c| units with analog unit to integer .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  wrapper for os .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  mark a function as replication .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the http response is sane .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  perform a random integer n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the hyperbolic process .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc detach .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import object object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  return a slice of .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the index map .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  checks for a panel in the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts an integer to slugify .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time value to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given a list of files in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less than the same mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the character of a file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  return true if the given name node is used in the current block .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the p-th p-th frequency .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that validates whether the given function name is a classic task .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a job on the task .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table of a colon table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check whether pillar is being installed .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns program path or if it exists or is on the systems path retrieved from the program path retrieved through .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to 1 .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg data using the jpeg hash .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the left of a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  aaq all the languages in the available request .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  check if the global geoserver is up .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  if assertion fails .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to allow querying collection to llvm values from templates .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the json tree of the given module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid instance in the provided format for the instance value .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  retry the decorated function that will retry all seconds that dont have generated by the call to call within a transaction .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  train and train the cli args .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns a list of enabled enabled services .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  list the files in the template cli example: .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure we have an entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merges two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return the list of tuples of all installed plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return the leading norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  code the logged code .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  fixture which provides tests .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  check whether a given region is a leading leading zero code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  return offset in a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  determine the number of polygon in the loop to unpack .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete schema .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the mean of the values in the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  obtain the user from the component server .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with difference data .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return all enabled matches with checkboxes .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  toggle event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  returns the temperature in degrees celsius from the given floating point value .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a specific libvirt cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test tight_layout .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  close a file or a directory if it does not exist .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the value with the first occurence of the character and the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check for poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify a dictionary is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  push a list of refs to push refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs the debug file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  encode a binary string to a .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  return the output of an alloc unary unary documents .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of or fields for all non-zero items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a numpy array of data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the pidlockfile test scenario for the test case .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of length in the order of an input array .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a color tuple for the given other color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the channel .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb as successfully .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of packages that will be changed on .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  set a list of languages for the current language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  returns name of the activation .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a content-range mapping file with optional comments .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no crash to no tests .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  given a list of collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all node subscriptions unless user is an user on .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  get an object and a string representing the default value .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  create a new receivers from the cluster on an host .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all contexts .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a tuple of pipelines color and others for an colour .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  return a basic amount of a decoder .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  requeues repost .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num from the first num to the given user .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  queries the passed node class and returns a dict of numbers .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  both the architecture and a filename matches the name to the passes .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a error message to stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  return a parsed gif object .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reverse the base64 decorator .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  return a byte-string version of s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the relationship between the user used .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform an decorates attacks .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  creates a custom formstyle for each of the channels of the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test there are different from subject to plot .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  return true if any of the python interpreter was removed in options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run connection to execute external command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main program for the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a html string using html and return a cleaned .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a scheduled action on a pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  adds an rois image to rois within the dimensions .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return the information on the system .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  try to install a ctypes application .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install the qtile options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a hypothesis is designed to import a few pdftotext .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates a new user for the email with given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a number of seconds into a string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as a tuple of monomial .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this will return a thumbnail if the source code is configured .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a boolean value in json format using the correct values in the scalar coordinate amount .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by the attribute dictionary .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  locates locates .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a list of bs that are plain text whenever a list of tuples .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  create a new series of float32 or wipe .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  enables previously generic dict to unpickle module refs .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  will refresh the lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a gf(p)[x] .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  cast unicode to utf-8 .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g is a independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns the nth fa of a given list of words .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns jitter or jitter points .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> bool return the native python source code .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the number of must be used as part of the fnc .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tests if the function is properly handled by the hadoop collector .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  create a color dict from the given qt class .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for yesterdays .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert a raw time string to a posix time instance .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a evaluates .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  adds a web page as an http request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change email address for a user .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a whole block onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected dict of user with the specified key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all configured ports on server side cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  issue a fake authorization .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns a new expression .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average average loss for a avg until average writer is true .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  determine if the downsample docstring can be set to frequency@templated .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  output and return default keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns the set of all terminal .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  try to determine *delta*+1 to make an object .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  poll the gui .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  a list of users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total cast like deprecation for a given context and its associated with its associated relate .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  log a message if the mode is not a valid one .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a regular expression where the first matched is the first kind of the given relationship .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where the zero are the same .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys and return an rq match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  utf-8 byte string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the datastructure file names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are marked as moves .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  normalize the absolute path .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  return the document gammagrid of a given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the system configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return a dict of unique job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  triples find a sparse matrix in sparse order of a sparse matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  merges merges keys and values related to strings .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the registry of a certain window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  context manager to change the builtins of a test .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test various pickling ironpython .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  simulate subcorr euclidean algorithm for linear models .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper to create a dictionnary variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched element in the insert statement .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path in the zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  remove irc color from the string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds canned to canned .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  make sure that the gettext us file is not built .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models in a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  stores the latest version of this signals .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send event to a mattermost service .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  return the opts dict of the master config by the location of the state definition .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the interval of a number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a evil_member user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the amount of inputs to use in the path .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  test suggestion can be used .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class for lltd using the attribute types .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add faces from melded loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the character should be escaped in the context .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  convert an integer to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  build an entry from a the specified lags and via a given sqlalchemy .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the address of an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in the background .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute mean objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if any shows in list contain anime :return: true if global showlist contains anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a gceblockdeviceapi credentials from gce slave for gce email settings .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  clears the base class .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the list of brs to which the brs belongs to run .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check the coordinate method .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  checks if args is an iterator .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a number of edges .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get output from the file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  a context manager that creates a temporary file and returns a temporary file creation .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  perform an openid request via the complete or openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the money code for a currency password .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch crypto meta-decorator .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  returns bounding data for the element .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the latest version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  insert text with a specified cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  returns true if the given word is any null characters .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a block device mapping for the end device .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that wraps the given iterable object .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result for given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  summary of the command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi environment .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then call to the states .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  signal to save an existing user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  remove an image from the wagtailimages_image_model .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  given two exception .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an http identity .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dict with information about the given model .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return a list of tuples from the user system .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a generator which yields the iterator of the entire iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  returns the path to the parent directory that a given repo is in .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function that fires config .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return a cpu volume .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns a single count from a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  dict of progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all defined instance .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  run the assets server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function replacement for certain file system .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pre-populated device to be configured on the rfc2617 address .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test a1=a2=1 .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether an object is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  delete a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert statements using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test basic input creation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  return a list of software names .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get points that have been condense .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single document to csv .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns the module list of the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  for config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return the position of the given audit .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key as a declares .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  ensure decorating get target_db .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the angle by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield successive stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the converter converter for the given entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  ensure a process with a sound file .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  example length of the fixed length length from the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get descendant variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for openid openid protocol messages .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of the file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  given a buffer value .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages that are not installed .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  provides a manage for cases: .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return path to the absolute data directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns a list of all registered registered plaintext .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  retrieve messages for the current request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries where second_dict values are not in a dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  example: callback that gets called on the local machine .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the class name is importable with the existing class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  initialize a low-level info dict by a spinnaker attribute and the specified status on it .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of redis queues on the system .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  issue a wsgi server by marking the traffic_server system and then we can do it .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list with columns in the given columns .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  return the url to low low url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create an otu log table by given axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range option .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  parse if we have to compute the output of a graph .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  create basic wheel from pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of length-one to only the mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is any of the project .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about a named vm .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the contents of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the carlo appears .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  decorator to require login user to access .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  return true iff fact is a string .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  retrieves the comment modelform class for the given comment .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree after the given file .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a view for the current request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  virtualbox virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer the authz .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  returns the pv of a product of the deinstalls numeral .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the vector of the vector a vector .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  returns the maximum of a vector along an axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters -trans  formatyyyy-mm-dd  sw : dataframe returns dataframe code : name : odate: .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric module of the current instance .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a model is multiple of the given model .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the jid associated with a given job name .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a pandas name to a python index name .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation coefficient between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default view to login class .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a set of conversion from a record .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return true if the running this request is running under the client .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  recursively patch a lists of two potentially objects .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert central box .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to timezone passes the given etags to header .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  make sure string is base64 encoded by the primary address .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  a decorator to check if the user is logged in .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp into a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that wraps a method with arguments .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  storage scaling of sinusoidal .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse html units and return a string of html tags .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the global updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set a preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dict without tag tags .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed in the database .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies the recipient of an notification .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output the contents of this block .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert nodes into a path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  generate problem state for all students in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for django .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return the attribute name that the object maps .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition divisions by divisions numerically across a divisions object this function shares a dask dataframe .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load an object from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  given a path to the directory of this script .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  prompt for creating a plural by a number to user .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return undirected families of cyclicly and undirected with node of cyclicly or cyclicly .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  kronecker word of a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is a class .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  take list of formatargvalues .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a module name .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  find all rules inside the policy .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find all reindent stats .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return the current packed instance for the specified host .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the image .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  returns the user id of a specified user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return an iterable object containing the specified key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the mean .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  return the text cache with the given url from placeholder .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate the example example example rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a data to use one .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  create an caa .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference to a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an xml string .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send pending email to nasty verification .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return the mlevel level and xml level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read an object from a specified attribute of a .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using cdf parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  show the settings page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the location of x in y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plot the harris points for each images in the figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  returns size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  return s if s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns the fifo cost from both "padding" and previous cost by indentation .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for all resources .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  convert the given http dict to a :class:pyramid dict suitable for comparison .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  return the index where to insert item a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: links to track a build step .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  provides a range of dictionaries advance the given iterator over an iterator of values .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  fetches list of human readable string for a given user with given user_id .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a fully qualified result of a class .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  reads the pid from the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  testing a tuple of tuples .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity based on a lower score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  returns a unicode string that specifies a key by a string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  applies pairs with optional keys .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  return the exceptions required by the musicbrainz attribute name in the frame .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a sequence of septets .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options used for the carbon property .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the full path of a given file .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  returns a sql column that can be used to copy column names to the correct table provided .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if proxies is a proxy pointing to the host .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render the given errors .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service object .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  view a list of liveness .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install or remove remote server dependencies .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark magic values to be available .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource containing the contents of a bucket .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a disk cache file from a local disk .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to review .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks whether the current python version is equal to happen .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a javascript for the javascript javascript color .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem path to cache location .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  determine if the given extension is a message containing a series of a descriptor .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  return the attribute name to the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check whether the header is an upgrade header .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class by name .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  shows the contents of an image model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email with the email address in the response .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return current thread as a string .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  return a node that maps a node to a node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  a decorator to declare a function or method name .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a given model is supported .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a list of messages to the point .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  call this function if other .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  code that runs before deleting the server after to code .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple task to encode a simple blockdiag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  given a list of boolean values .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  activate google apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new usercontributionsmodel with new calculated picture for the user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return x: no detrending .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a demonstration of the expr .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  like _simplesizer except for a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  split revision since the most get_children() .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  return a tuple like items from a list of length 1 .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a check hook using a given method .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for source .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate the arguments passed as a dict .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the left of the vector of the minimum value .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a value of a locale locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies into degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as method as parameter to be run .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all libraries to a given dir .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from array-like .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if a host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes in current command string with current env .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj and convert it to its parents .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the complex node name for the given arguments .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  get the top topics of an iterable of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update based tm needs a display-name .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse an committish reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return a valid adapter for name .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a function that computes the variables of all combinations to create a dataframe with the specified shape .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensure that average rules with a blank filter .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert a boolean value to a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns corresponding to add a new date to the provided versions name .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system keyboard files cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  all the returned data object .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  use this function which will print unique handle to a handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the heldout score function inplace .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  gets the hmac-sha1 of a feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  given a path to the cola .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns true if a potential set in a given list of potential .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verify context has admin rights according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  get a tensorflow layer by n and the tensors .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions of the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemtype view page .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  create a img canvas of the specified size and color .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  find all gating milestones associated with a given course content .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see query query .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  bootstrap the puppet operation .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  helper to get all the parameters .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  main section of the script .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  launch a review branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment variable name .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the default cycle of assignments for the given assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move to the server configuration .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu from the process of a given task .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the shape of the input data for use with the specified shape .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder -> int .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of the snapshot to destroy the snapshot of the snapshot to destroy : boolean also boolean also
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the p-value .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  get the size in a single transformed fill .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if the unit tests are not changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of raw tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  create an entry from a binary string .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a given number from a fits header .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  asserts a list of dicts .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe and parse it as a python object .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates a fatal image file into a sequenceexample using the assignment .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access list for project .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a thread to a thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the standard asymmetry of the application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representing the restricted number in the range of: .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find four xmin value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  helper function to get a scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses an s3 uri uri into a trust dict .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns the map of name specified in the given relation relation .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  convert unix ticks into a time value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  work out the user random system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the unit registry based on the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the current revision of the duration of the duration of the duration of the vim .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure that the named container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  log a deprecation prompt .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version from uwsgi .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  remove duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a valid looking string to a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the inheritance args: obj_name : the name of a boolean indicating if the object of or path to the object of a given object windows .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all of the progress users .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes of the given release .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  context manager to silence handleish by sigusr1 .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  determines whether a stable device is a version definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the matrices product with the expression x .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays displays displays the current file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  returns a copy of the files & destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  create an ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of two-tuples that can be removed because proven filter out .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an http headers .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt array for an existing lock .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns the graph in the graph g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  returns a string using double price .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads can be interpreted .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the portage port for a make sure that the specified port; name the name of the port to clear cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that a value is a valid scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  this walks merges all the nodes in the data roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test that an platform .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  this is the function that will be displayed in the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the date is expire .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a user certificates for a student in the given course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a users enrollments object for the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object that is inside the current plot .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cross product convenience wrapper for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  returns the firewall channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  get a unified diff of the given diff string .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color light from a matplotlib color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  return default currency for given currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  returns the http token from http oauth token and query string .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  get a suitable url for a given target .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract request auth from request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object with the specified list of shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  decode data from bom to decode .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if a tap is changed .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a suitable url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to make a function and stderr .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository to the repo .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to the container .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detect config file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx for the last event .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of age matching the given age .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in "data_dict" to strings .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs file names store the file communications communications .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  check the status of a read in the call .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  change the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read each options from the cuckoo file .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether the url exists in studio and updates the course certificates .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a function that can be used to track the module .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the named container exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns true if the given release has the named permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute list of poygon code to nonzero space .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert a python acceptable types to an acceptable acceptable acceptable types .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the page in the given content .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  register a vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  used for returning options to process the main system .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check to see if mayavi version is at least min_version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  try to sanitize a filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert the day of the day hour to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  create a parses snapshot of the tree .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard keys .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  takes a string and returns true if a nearby attribute is a rest of the current line followed by the rest of the seconds .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset to a new property that will return the attribute value for a property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  get class that is printable for new-style classes .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the authentication to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  item controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident formstyle .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the most common code .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a key for a given sequence of bits .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket by a given encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  keeps the differential equation function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  runs the win32 tests on win32 .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return rosenbrock matrix in the reflection case of reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a class name to a protobuf class .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string escaped for use in a utf-8 header .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a list of word sentence to pairs function .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform from a transform of the frequency factory .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an input shape to the specified image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if the given string is a "inherit" sentiment .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get complete url .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a main application on an application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return the number of unique id currently used in the order .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  test that no prompts can be instantiated by using a custom list .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the current set of cuda module to a given cuda .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  expands page uploads to a string .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function for a path using the default templating .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  verify a sequence of alphabet .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  check if the given node has been rewritten .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to track state changes to a track object .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  read all the channels for the given channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  this utility function prints a string out of any label in previous_labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  convert a value to a list of tuples .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract entry code from doctests .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  return true if cmd is executable by a shell on the local system .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  return a list of changesets for the directives of the example adapted from the linux rfc2616 .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  test a case with a group that has more than one instance .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a filename .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exps answers submitted with the given ids .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate mr cases for a provider .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for higher .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a union of *transformers .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  iterates over a file in a stored format .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a merge for packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move c to the specified number of n .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  code that runs on application startup .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a is not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not in a not .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively remove an item from the "code" .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  parse the query_string from the current query string and return a query .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  make sure sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  should not create an api .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison between 2 degrees of a single comparing .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function to check if the user has permission to do permission .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns a html datetimes in s3 .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task in which the user is valid .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view shows the available redirects .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a blob access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  returns a list of media usage object in the media 'media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a string into an number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  returns the directory of the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return the hmac-sha1 of the versioned body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses a request uri into its operating uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  returns cookie summary of a field .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the printed output of a text .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration measurement calibration .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align of input variable x up to down .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse a dictionary of footer .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  return a pretty message with the given key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render the icon to the icon if it doesnt exist .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  run the command specified by the passed stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs a cython environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes the configuration file to a configuration .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  returns the inverse of a given array .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for a page results .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection to connect .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure that foobar' is raised .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the salt command .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse an if-range value and return a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  for a given file .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the system seconds from the system and return the text .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 instance uuid from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create an image from a root .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the name of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  microseconds a traffic server logging system .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo class .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns a list of resource addresses of the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attribute to the given user for the given course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for master function which will wait until the master has been registered .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the currently :jenkins-wiki:environment build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  a page to allow testing the web page to be refreshed .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check for certificate certificates in the certificate list for all students adapted for the given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a server to a local one .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  returns the set of tests in the specified test .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the current plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  dispatch function for rendering the rendition of an instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  convert the profile name to python as part of the dispatch .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move a song dict of saved songs .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write relationships formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows a function to be a valid value .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns the inverse of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  define a deprecation deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  compute the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the logarithm of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test vcs .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  common parameter for the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript test suite .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  query the entrance exam exam as a background task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a fact .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a scipy .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  call a function usable by aws into a usable context .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  create a column of the length of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see newer score .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  creates a fuse .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  retrieve port from a provided port name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move the changes made up to history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object parameters .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a string for the specified jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the action .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  finds an element in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global lock ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file in the filesystem .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  changes if language is valid for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test parsing of base file extension .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  import an object by name .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a c on a web machine .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if the given module is in the current site .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the style palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  custom view for billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  fail if first argument is equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates a string with the given error message .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the number of logs buffer on the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  context manager to temporarily create a fake time label .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  convert a raw counter sequence of hotp code to the database .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  get default credentials for load .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sorts version of shipping .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simply runs the javascript .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  returns the configuration dictionary for the specified port; .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  return true if the host is a valid host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the gc warning to be used as a overwritten .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an _addmessagemethods() .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  used to connect to the master .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a object appropriate for use with the target z .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the number of procedure and the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack an ipv4 address from a raw url .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  return a function to create a pairs of size x .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html for a given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature using dism args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  return true if the variable value is a string .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the sysfs ifname based on the pci address of the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim front and blank lines .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return a human-readable name based on name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  returns a string representing a number in the order that is found .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the project with the specified options .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to the filters of the given document .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  sets the number of hits hits after a given qresult .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  determine that css_selector of multiple element(s) .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random boundary value in the range [0 .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this is at least the unicode string starts up of an item in the future .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the url for the comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a task in parallel from a parallel task .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create a function that can be used as a series of dictionaries .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels that are shared by the amqp function .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  authentication to grant read-only folders to the shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  check to make sure that the file system can be used to physically .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid signin with openid :attr request: context .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the rectified linear unit function derivative .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for all the shop product matches the given product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set the values of an rgb color by some percent .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  resolves the file path to a directory path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  format a channel to locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  in a base class this should be used in class .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  close the current file so it gets read from the current file object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path on a scheme .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover data to the specified path .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  get a list of all urls for a scan .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  make a dictionary of lists of opmapentry .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  group the working directory of a file .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the index specified in a container .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  take a rectangle and clusters and return a trivial .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get the mor object for a given reference .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the http token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http requests suitable for use in the request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin introduces a game where users get the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot are built .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform initial radius of a gaussian graph .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of tasks .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms correlation metric .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an interface object from an tools support .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all the lti endpoints corresponding to a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests rectangular datetime to datetime .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save (ring .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections for the zpk filter parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  returns a list of missing tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  return a node if validation is not a valid one .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  cast to str .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a single binary dict .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check if an image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional poem side .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  returns a theano function which makes a flag value from test if its variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup test objective function .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  restful crud controller for a package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling check requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the sum of the default hash of the passed obj .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns chi vector with random places .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  replace mask based on napiprojekts code .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert python types to a dates .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  run a generic process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new add form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return a y term with the range spec .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  flips a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a threaded which will send the given interface to sync of the given threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  utility function to check a model name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get the inset points .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  replaces the incoming password with some salt .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the consisting of a queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  whether the linear unit function repeats the gcd of the dataset .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  run the combine of a named shell .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have in bulk tasks .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retry a function if it raises an exception .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the lock object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add extra data to a named group .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  for a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get the correct callable that a given object accepts into the callable .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert any key-value pairs to a dict .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  returns the version of the date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the current options from the current api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the parameters of a given network or group of a given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if zabbix server is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca certs is not in the folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the signals of this function .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  finds a specific service based on the given service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given value .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode password using base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a utc time of the type passed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a mixture to make a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  converts a string of bytes into an int .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of this file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  moment from dist_name or items .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension type based on a file .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  returns a query corresponding to a collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the oslo_config plugins that should be installed on the system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares an specified zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return mean over the sample seqs in s3 bucket .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains at least one that require a specified key in s .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  compute the value with the fixed width .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  supports the request object to be started out the given request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  print a registered [port_min .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search adapter class .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return framework as a character .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  simple share config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole path of the second square matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a real value .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new key to render .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  determines whether a set of arrays that can be input .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string of encoding that can be converted to a sympy expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  private function used to samme the samme proba loss .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  generic bivariate log value .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  list partial indices in inverse of arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  verify if a library has a specific value of its dependencies .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  convert several xml character to valid html document .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the specified app .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert a value to an int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id cli examples: .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys api for the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr kernel .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate an input value is a valid s3 .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  casts the given image to a file .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a deployment .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal method to push .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript source file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  happens function .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the users / database/ .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that the ecl is consistent and that distance coordinates .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  expands a service element or a identifier .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a formula formula via the given ascii node .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a converted date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a entrypoints .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  this should do the appstats transitions .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  momentarily the time loop to read the audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  returns password password .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  allow for serial serial to nos .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a unsubscribe unsubscribe .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric scoreatpercentile of the data along the specified axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  gets all defined interface .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all resources inside the specified resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns the current transaction of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test gradient of a issue .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple example from a plain text string .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify validation errors are validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that returns enumval .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to mark a function as a tag for a test .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics into list of statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given a task and an album search for inference search .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  call this function before the first argument to be run .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event service via callbacks .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  returns the status of systemctl .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  import and import a module this function .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize a module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical spline between two axes .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  convert an http response to an ec2 dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the input *individuals* individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of images which should be used to find the images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  replaces all values of a querydict object with a page .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process notification with a python message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  loads check file to a django model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  convert the connection to the appropriate html .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage repository for the current thread .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  for testing .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  vcs vcs upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  feature feature shape of a user_id .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the flags that are flags by the api parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map string .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects if source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal locale .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a dictionary with a fixed keys .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypts a base64 encoded string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  replace the sockets sockets with a scheduled scheduled .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  compute the next newline of the given value .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  determine if a message should be log .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a total degree into a fits file .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read an xml file from a record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a class corresponding to the given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test if we can construct a nvidia driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  compute dictionary of : information .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates an xml file against a valid xml schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  create a list from a map of volume ids to have the supplied datasetid .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title for a cloudformation type .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert from twos complement to network .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return a snapshots query object ready to the volume .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the command line .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  replaces apostrophe character with base64 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a point on a given server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wraps a method so it performs automatically calls to log .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run users tests .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform "p4/" files and return the contents of all files in the given directory .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  write the cache for the given content .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for http calls to become available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  args: dataset : str or getrandomrange:long of a given dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the ccx contents of a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of headers and a dict of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  initialize units with specified background file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a block from the os .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the line which the source file an object was defined .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random text string with alpha chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless the given commands is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse a ssl key .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a integer to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over the exact socket reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm record .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  returns the first component .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  return functions that ensures no two results of the same expression .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install a package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested sequence of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maps a resample header to a file .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  sets up an standard shell settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender and all receivers which should be changed .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a version of theano .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  reads a pre-release string in the given video file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the list of floats by radians .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure log format is active on the given server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  return system hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return a randomly sampled info .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  delete a vm vm : string name of image to delete .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  return a bernoulli random numbers .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte random random length .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  get a list of absolute file inside a package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks whether g is a groebner graph .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether a numpy dtype is equal to have the same arbitrary .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  test that setting elements of an image can be a overlay using the specified overlay .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  displays a list of current time zones :return: a list of versioned zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns its dataloader .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  decode a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  a decorator for methods whose elements are valid .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the specified service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration rated domain object for the exploration .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns the placeholder used to render the given placeholder with the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds a managed document .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  given an object example: .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  list all nodes that match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return matching files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  convert an expression to a osbornei function where f is the tan and a .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file on the target .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return virtual services needed for use in the given service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current environment .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a the 1-norm power .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find the largest and return a dict with list of chunks in the provided file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the random samples data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  adds a new decorator to the target class .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a valid config with specified credentials .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links as a string .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to person person the map entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute dynamic epoch using a simple power of a container .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively get the source line for a source .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess the filename of a set of 2-element files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns the team state .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save original files to a store using lang-specific .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return language list of the language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns all the handlers from a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the javascript file representing a list of links .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stops containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the train .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound bound is bounds .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  queries the database and get an sqlite table .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns successful documentation for the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator which runs a tests with known property .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an xml-format key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a datetime .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gather command and replace git files .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter a list of notification strings of notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds a string containing the locale locale by translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  add host to given color .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  factory function to freeze freeze for a given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string c{p} for the given number of bits .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a ready for this script .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  applies one or more grover .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if a named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a dict for the given cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  test that a worker is installed .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the product function of a sequence of items .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print tb entries from tb to limit stack trace entries .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the points in a list of corner detection .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return a dict of the bootstrap sample data from data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  find a threshold threshold threshold string for a threshold path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  the restful handler for orphan for a given course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under profiler .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test functions that start and bound for our bound .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of accessible xblocks discussion xblocks to the user .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  map y_i to y_i in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically remove user from request .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return a version string when the process was run in a ctypes .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  connect to the database; see :func:_access_rule .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  returns the type used by provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course access .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  look for a collection local metadata header .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge summaries and summaries weights and an import-hook .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  show a console login with the user .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert an object to a boolean .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  new jobs cannot be submitted in a case of uploading .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a colors that colorizes the user checks asynchronously .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return the path to the contract head .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create new event transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  run the given args using the default execution .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  returns a list of prefix with the given filename removed from the given filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a spectrum .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate process iops .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph for a field .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  return the canonical string for the given article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x based on x and obj_name are dropped .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  receives a parameter value .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  applies text content to the tree of the line .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  computes the moving gradient for two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  preferred method to step note that the note that the note are not used in the command line .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  create a new message from a specified ceiling .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  check the the current device on or from a device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the correct argument name of a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the fsize number in a 1024 .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator for creating a type class by specifying it .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  status of all available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  shows a user for saving the ban request .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h from rfc flags .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup handler for index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  invert an api client for a request - others .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  derivative of %z .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  renders up template related functionality for template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  returns an expression of the sqrtdenest .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a gff/gtf description .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the line can be joined into a single line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns image model class for given image name .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return the current logical uuid .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the html path from begin and add it .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the correct type of a value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  returns the address for the address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  separate the results of a vm by disconnecting the results to create a waterbutler_api_url_for key from the cloud storage .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  compares exception assertraisesregexp unless expected and passes are the name rating .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the unix tree in the case of the given identity .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  if no marker is specified .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  convert a number of bits to a binary encoded in a background using the prime .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read the clock data that will be used to read the file data .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test x and lae: elements .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and slave on a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  a more nesting nesting to be a flow type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns the 7 lower bits of the value which is a 7l .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call c{main} and run the reactor until it returns a result .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create an variable holding a feature structure that is obtained by replacing each variable with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  clear the context for free container .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  check whether a string is any of the strings .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  given primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash if f is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the path for a given file or a string in the configuration .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on the current axes .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an iterable of actions for the given module .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  call this function via async .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check whether the builtin class is nose .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  returns true if the given filename is in the given block .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  common function to copy a file descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture that returns a templates/project0/ templates/project0/ .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a object of prop for a given file .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default view .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  generic function used for a clientsecrets .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert quota to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns length of the length of a string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute polynomial degree in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses a sqlite graph .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the given iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial dimensions of an image using the provided dimensions .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named http header .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  adds slashes to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add [boolean arise .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  return the number of words in a line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verifies that the specified password matches the supplied datastore .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper function for creating an attribute with the getattr arguments .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class instance getcrypter from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a taps brew to the module changed .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that name is a valid package name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper to render the final graph for final lines .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string that prints the given color to the given color color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca on the result .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get the loops for a given loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove list and art of illusion elements from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return dictionary form from its file .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  returns the chi-squared statistic .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  perform the pairwise gradient and each function names and returns the modified kernels value .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  given a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an epic and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  retrieve the specified namespace from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  call c against a given library and return it .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  authentication handler .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  write a httpresponse to a node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  plists is either a function or a version of a function .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  convert a path of the outline to an role_required path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  given a mask .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete an inventory class .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  the most recently setting of config .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the grunfeld records and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d5 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a form for a message .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api and the introspecs and the introspecs method .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that changes the validation directory to llvm validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the signal instance of processes .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  return a single review status for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  courses controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return list of all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute -bit function from a numpy array .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  return true if the given model has a dynamic ruby-metrics .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns javascript data for the given phonenumber .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager that yields the motif of an object .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  try to get output from the latest version output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  computes the humans: bound to the given model .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the device groups in the device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  inverse should render prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a single container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach watching user as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a parameter changed .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the best match that is a set of nodes .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for this vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports an lib dotted path based on a string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that the standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  tests that the approximate weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given value is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  get a tag from the given identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the user is lockable with the given lockable .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  add the mathjax script at rst if it is in_progress .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given tree tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if a clause has any clause .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a directory like mkdir or directory group .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex and boto to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open or templates -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - do log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run a main function .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  given a set of lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  create an opaque page from a given href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if fsl_course version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an acl reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  verifies that the block has the text-match text-match .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user on a mysql server .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  wait for a queue to be written as part of the queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create a new permissionset .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the incomplete list can be set correctly .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  adds slashes to the context .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a file or line number of a dictionary .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  see if server headers need to be converted .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  resolve a packed packed text for the specified hosts .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  returns the cached http cached http response .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of virtual machine names on the account cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  it should be a permutation of shapes .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns path to test test data file for the application .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a new entry .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy a new transcript from a new transcript to supplied new location .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of ids available on the integer .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  itemtype add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator for marking a function or method filldoc .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  schedule the execution of a coroutine that returns the provider event .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and a parent for a thread .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  writes the supplied variable to a file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  view helper to render a resource variables for a given resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from the node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make pidlockfile scenarios with pidlockfile map .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user with username .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to add a user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  list all help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  import macros from the module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  return information for a particular binding cli example: .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  helper function to get the attribute of a given attribute dict .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return network current network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative url from a set of strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  fill the inset file or gcode text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a libcloud child node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get a city based on the request lat .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  decorator to hack on windows .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  make sure x is unique .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  capture an event on the remote server .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on a list of ip indices .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  given a list of users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to the generic node .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer value .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject access to show attached to the specified course context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  returns a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a shell command with the given args .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns the current administrative local timezone object .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to create a list of arrays .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from an iterator of dependencies starting from a list of dependencies .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a proxy function in a collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes an object to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media upload .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  make a pattern pattern if we matches pat .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an argument with the given argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns an iterator that behaves the same object in a concrete day .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  calculates a buffer to a buffer that returns n-grams at once .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate a list of tasks with unknown task set .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  compute the overall reciprocity graph of all nodes in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates or returns a tag of the specified object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a tag instance for a tag .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  given a list of packets .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this function prints the polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main section of the script .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change owner .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a for example .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that value is a string of strings .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  returns a list of namedtuple .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  define a value in auto compatible with the given minimum .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common most common elements of a positive integer d .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  given an administrator current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of topics .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the return value for each tuple of arguments .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to use debugging to support debugging .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  this function preprocesses a base64-encoded or more base64-encoded page .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns messages that has messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find the full path where a given file is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by s3optionsfilter to provide the latest records of an item access via the .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  check if a virtualenv exists inside a directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  try to connect to the calc .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in "faster" mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  receive a device number corresponding to supplied device type .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  return the current firewall line .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of grafts definitions into a dictionary of ast pairs .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the region for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  restful crud ticket and ticket to just returns a point .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return the time zone as a time iso aware datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  return the rank code of code generated by a code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck publish trend reports with rundeck .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  a decorator that allows a class to be used as a given attribute .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run a nodeimage .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team of the team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode a number in bytes .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  gets metric by name from name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all format modules in format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates the user id of a given user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  release a fake figure .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  finds all indent .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a list of traffic server unsupported in the given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick entry .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a string for use in a url .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return system information for homebrew .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main section of the git git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_device service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  compare two texts to enable the same name .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step rules takes a suffix of rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  replaces singularities lines to then then offer .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  replace metadata with an configparser-format or pages .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  view function which parses a file-like object as json .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  calculator in the user folder to handle http pipeline .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  tests whether a phone number is filled with a values .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the hue method .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  ensure a string is a valid name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  check for use asked to ensure that their argument prompt okay .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the add-on average .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  moving and closed issues given a single list of issues after the given date .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  output with a zoom of type .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct function to register ccx_coach for each method in the current session .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone an existing pub/sub source for running in a new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions range to see if test needs to be test compare .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this query of a dot request .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  test if the name is a member in the model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a numeric tokens or a string to the formatter of the tokens .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from delta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: external_image_list_url function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  multiply f with respect to the least common functions .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get collection list .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an existing tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  instructs chocolatey to find the current user configuration files .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  create a unifrac row from a fresh text .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  equivalent to html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate differences by given observations and returns events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  situations of continuous value .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the get a point inside a range .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  return a single vector .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that the original header contains original header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  get the extension extension for an ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the known backend name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that a number of polynomials are equal .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  get the inet_ntoa .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns a byte string of a boolean of bytes .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parses and verifies certificate data from a http requests .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a list of dependency dependencies for the given package name .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | dimitem field_type expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a python int or ipv6 string .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return an old values from a uri given object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  if tounicode is an xblock .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  used by sparseseries .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  virtualenv an image from a network device .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  adds tagger argument header row with original header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  joins a single demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  dont be setting for a setting cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a dict with metadata -> integer identifier for an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert between lengths and encapsulation units .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the layman module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key policies from the selected key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the keys .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator which performs the decorated function for a given course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric parameters .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  check if a method has the given name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create a java-style component for a given component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex string to an integer .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse a set-like response message like json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  return the extension elements of an object .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  creates a workflow pattern from a fif file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists the state of a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  update the lazy result of a list of pairs .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to the beginning of a given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  an s3transfer string to make these xml parameters .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a local servicepair that uses the servicepair for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  detect agent to fill .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return strides of energy if f is an itemsize of input .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  displays the amount of idle display time until the hard display sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for a specific api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the first derivative of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  base64 decodes a python machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy an image to a file .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  given array in a numpy array of dtype .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  transform an extension to a multinomial .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  rarefaction the acoustid server for a given file .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan in the plan .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns the path to the directory where the given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a tuple from a token .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  manage the service via a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a random graph that can be used for a given period .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  forbid to forbid .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns a list containing the package packages to find a package in the package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate weblate for page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  takes a datetime object and returns a timezone aware datetime .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of courses courses not found in the provided settings .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute split sdm from integer sdm .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the query from the given hash and then retrieve it description from the given data .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep for the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install a package using the stops mainloop .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  get attributes from a given node name .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string representing an instances which will return the string describing the object .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  installs pyenv to install pyenv and python implementation .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate by channel types .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test to see if a dataset exists .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  similar to the purpose system parameter .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary with the given axis name .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  finds a simple function that returns a list of features in the given model using newtons method .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  puts() shouldnt print it using the regular expression .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a colormap that can be used to apply to the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  computes the aeon queue or before the first count items for the queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  apply the message to an expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class instance .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  returns an iterator that matches the given beautifulsoup .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the service is a valid admin type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  define & decorate the decorated method for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  or not we are applicable as the octet of this timestamp .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  return a url value that can be used as url .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default dashboard form .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs gettext as a new location for the given gettext .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default props matches the input data .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  error checking the expr is not rewritten .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  records a list of taxa and fill them based on the fill .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  get word file from a directory .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  convenience function for quickly requests for a given requests .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a list of test cases in a list of test classes .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the compressor global compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load data from a dataset .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a line .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts content to ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests for the algorithm with pytables .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture to return a valid template class .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from the css file .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that ignores unicode dont need to be made by using vpprint .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  ensure that sparse sparse and joins one sparse matrices or more texture .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts to the aggregate with aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  updates the list of plugins and pick them according to the provided config .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace inside the list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  call a resource .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  returns a dict of fields that is search for a given fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save data to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a bit string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  gets the source script contents of a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return the url to prefix in a given prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  perform padding of two samples using the same padding .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  add a new component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a inclusion_unlimited_args specification in a structured way .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  this function will not be used as a pseudocolor string .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add allocated_id to the default server .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  make sure the user is down to have a particular page down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  recursively construct a list that are the spaced .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is an auxaliary function to make it easier available in the expression .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  a decorator to prohibit a function for the given memoize results .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  returns the html of a view with a :term:view license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  determine whether spectral can be used to get the meg coils .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer value .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file ceased are not deleted and on-disk values .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run tests from a given module .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some xml sequences in xml characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  check the replication status of a replication based on the desired role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  print the string representation of the xml token .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  get a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for a given platform name .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the current time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  show a course analytics data from the json-serialized api .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  computes the area of a range of integers .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand sequence into a column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  returns a standard tuple of the datastore records .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with the given releaseid .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  represent a canvas parameters .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update page page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  leaks a webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the type of a given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  whether in a configuration files are valid .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping based on before having overlapping .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  returns the database database for the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the endpoint of this input .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  time in seconds since the current time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  global parameter for getfilesforname() .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of an element with specified text matches the specified path matches the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return a boolean depending on whether disabled version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the mapping data from the mapping tp to their corresponding mapping .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set random state for given estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the credit requests suitable for writing the given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get "unload" reader for a triangle matrix .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert the given data to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that should not return minus .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  plots a sequence of functions .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return the given filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the given user has votes visible to .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  dummy function to log unhandled exceptions .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns image with provided urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns a list of all images of the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  convert a raw time fields to the unix time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run env env .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  a password form for user to allow the user to change their password the password a change form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  get the current ishold .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project : list of pairs vertically .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of line numbers for the text .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  see the average aggregate .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage into numpy array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is raised when timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a dict with all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read the modified entries for every url .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  dump the data to a thread .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create a new instance of the appropriate equity curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of resource identifiers for a given group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  get reader for a blaze file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace object .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  attempt to delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a julian-formatted date to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  prints all the operators in the csv file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  if the string of a purging bytes object is a string .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  create a newline axes and a cumulative axes on the grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  create a dict of special keys from a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  get an item from a python function for appengine-web .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default time for credit .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to start osf .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find a search based on supplied values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the config from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the path directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging system .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  return the values of the default object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format a pair of sequences for python 2 .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each critical of the build .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  look for the key in the registry .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  translate pattern pattern to true/false .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to perform info that will try to find info in iq .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a list of descending ordered by time descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the key exists in the data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild out the schedule form in the form rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  return a list of all objects of tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  create a new course in the form: that is passed via the given short .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return absolute path if it exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the list of public ip addresses .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is an iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform a recursive on the appropriate recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the location of the executed variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash from a list multiple messages .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return list of srs of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper for window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  computation with respect to the continuous case using the numpy implementation .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  wraps a ~astropy .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solve linear differential equation with redirection .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a single output .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  obtain a plugin instance for the given spm instance .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to an ssl version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  returns a default what mapreduce can be used with intelligently .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote list of characters by c .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a formatted traffic for the given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory for the files in the given directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator for persisting .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  this is an [xmlschema-2] version of an atom object .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  retrieve a model reference from the provided resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  convert choices into key/value pairs .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  delete models .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a byte string of a linear sequence .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the specified undrain .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace all spans of text references in text by a single space .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure configuration cluster for nvp nodes .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all ckan headers in the response .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  raises valueerror if user is not found in the email .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of exercises that the user is completed for .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate non-fuzzy application from the given image name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  replaces not imported multiple parameters .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  returns the groups in degrees for a lag .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of the metadata for a purchase .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  break of liveaction .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return configuration options for scrapy .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path for a key file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches an artist by name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and generate a relevant rules from the relevant file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  pick interfaces and filter from a list of dict .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator to require that the user is a permission to be created .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a power for dont or power of power .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  show the version in the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen fullscreen status on a integer .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reload module api .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  check a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  computes the normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  returns the asked .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a list with two sequences which are equal to the size of size .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the angle along the quadratic quadratic dump .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field type .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join string representation of an list .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  return unicode version of obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  add ellipses to a string of words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  attempt to determine if the dhcp options matches the specified dhcp id and options .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link with identifiers identifiers .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend backend for the given fileserver to be changed .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns a list with the first item in which function is in the list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a freshdesk site .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call the function spec for us to generate a simple neighbor .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a path is a valid type of path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the helper function which can do the given policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a expected value .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously run a process with the given process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list all valid urls for a given store .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create a list of standard keys from the gpg obtained from which the user standard keys .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of supported formats for the formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  the count of number in a space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  returns the hash of the value when creating a tuple .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  invoke stems pdf work for edit or stems .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically remove a field from a matplotlib field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create an object for use in a logger code .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of images .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  runs a client on the specified process .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname is a type .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  run the bio on a remote host .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  check whether a forum has access to a forum role .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return path to the current systemd version .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the backup where the given file has a backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  parameters seq : sequence of elements to unpack .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception handlers .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  processes the package python files and return the current python docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to an url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  obtain the mac address of the given message .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute services by topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the incoming rate of an incoming method on a valuation .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses a single ancient function .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the specified avatar context .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if a command is out of text .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  like providers[provider_name] except macros .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare two instances of this module .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a queryset of queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  returns the pid for a process id .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  smooth contrast of a tensor parameters effect : array non-zero coefficients of the numpy array integer in which the tabular order of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  combine a single canvas .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check the root mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  log a specific to the log of all loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  sets up a file descriptors to extensions? in a stream .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the beginning of the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone code object .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  check a json string of a document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves order order order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a rule for a dict of rules .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  adds the given node to the target list of nodes and is .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate that parameters to be used for use with whitespace .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  saves a map of ips to a zinnia .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  check the current dir to make sure that the git version satisfies the release version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  this is called only to ignore the profile .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given id is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either datetime | str -> isoformat .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  print a function that will be used to tagged a tagged hue .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a due coordinates to the given layer .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  retrieve signature from base64 .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the path of the directory that is a glob location .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the skipgrams again of items .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return random paragraph of delivery-pipeline .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the current user has the given request as the requested 'view' .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  a decorator for wrapping a cache location .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the common divisor of a and b in a given list of numbers .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  interpolate with respect to a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  creates or disable topics from a file .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  language: snippets with verbosity .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  a view that returns an http response .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a sequence of random files for each file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  call this function if given plugin functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the sentence version of s .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  returns directory where the given file should be found .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads value from dbms hook into settings .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine whether a given user is allowed to compare a products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  set a function as a setting for the decorated method .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  change cart code to the users cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  send an email with an s/m/h/d/w output .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  creates a new layer and included the layer to a layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  left is the first node in a python string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse out the snmp from a service .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that eo is correctly .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an object of the given network and iface .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to turn a validator task into a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  efficient polynomial remainder sequence of fit .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create the db manager object in the db .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns an exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a window in a foreignkey compatible environment .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule and plot a value in the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only return if requests and boto are installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints bold .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  build the default env .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the portage database to latest packages .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split path into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  parses a timestamp for a c{datetime .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  makes logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  return the trace_component to the actionexecution the version created by cancellation what the liveaction to attempt to identify the liveaction .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs the reactor and return its output .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user specified in the home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that revision revisions translation gets saved .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  retrieve parsed output from the temp file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  reads an input key from a dict of nodes .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure that no shell is set .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone an object .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  create a theme in theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  field_id : field_id | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of sets in the vcenter or international .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  xkcd test objective function .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  define a word2vec examples .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses an iso 8601 date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  provides a function to be performed using a user .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create axes from axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  delete an iterable of documents that are consistent with triggering .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y:: k = arrays for each pair of rows x in x and y in a pair .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy cobbler module function for the given init .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a g_k kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  run a list of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  calculate the bem norm of a surface .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert from second to rayleigh .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown fields to field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic or not .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  like ccontiguous but converts a number to the proto order .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a sequence of iterators based on the response .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj works .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  concatenated rectified linear unit function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  explicitly add or show xml element to an xml element and return the resulting tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function for all urls that will replace the old substitutes .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the setup for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  test that looking can be mult .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  flattens a dict with the specified values into a dictionary with lists of prefixed keys .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resolve the given version string to a python version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  returns a information field for a review .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to the beginning and returns the current time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns the current namespace for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  returns a string representing the user id and user to uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  joins a full url with the given context .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates processed_list info in xkcd form .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load a python data file from the specified file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does a validating search in a context for computing the data in the original subsets of data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of a method and a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a dict describing an attribute that has the new plugin every time left .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  computes the provider arguments for this class .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  excluding error rate .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  accepts an object from a textual header string .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a test or more data in a given dir .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  issue a issue titles .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert code name to a valid file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the partitions of a disk image .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  dw is a second .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the length of the data in bytes .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  determines the absolute path to the executable in the form .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  gets a campaign feed used for the provided feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return dataframe on n-dimensional array of equal samples .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  create all the members .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path from the .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target in the container .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server on the local node and agent via all arrays .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert a libvirt libvirt image to an edge .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove multiple package pkgs the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic include signal template with the given uri .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a if an url is a local url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli input from the cli tool .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  returns a string with the specified width and separator .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any item to a number .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the specified accepted function for a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds an atomic group to the name .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  check a list of tuples .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features tags are tags with tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  format a command as a string representation of the group+name file .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns a list of all random info .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete specified timestamp .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check a boolean power on or off cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update site_config .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return rate of the given comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  construct a path to webpack in webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  display the usage title .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a shell command .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert config file for json serialization .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  prints returner information .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  discard the dict representation of f(x) for the input data .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create a block from the extension .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check for the existence of a stream .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given doc .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify public webhook signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns a regexp object .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  returns the current connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version unix .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  return the string to be used as a performance for testing .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first index record .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  rewrite the given urls to the latest urls .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  file descriptor for process .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle :py:func:_parse_step_log()) in basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that validates the file system .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  create a newline wrapping lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  convert a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius of the graph g in the graph .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the ccxcon .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  get a capabilities for the spec .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the date/time of the cpu used to corresponding to the metric .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return the internal variables of a text definition .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite mask using a composite mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  deletes a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  store the language data in the session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates the meas id of a record .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove all spaces and image: values from the given string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a large xxx: from the respective headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the xml file into the xml content .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate user secret and query-string key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the glob queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse a progress html starting from a job .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about last version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return the timestamp of the time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm file .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send service name the services name cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  returns true if we used to skip this module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set the random state of a estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and return the result of a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove links from a list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if a repo has a repository or a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | code | qliteral | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  convert a number of image bits to start .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a minimal stream-like object with a timeout; if its not none .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  a decorator factory for wrapping a addon views .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  run a test function after the function loading until it returns true .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get a sphinx extension for sphinx .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  utility function to get the power types and check the power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a our cli endpoints to the log api with the as saving .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  adding an integer to a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that hg file does not exist .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne colormap span .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all the interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that implement a jsonrpc .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  creates a course descriptor for the specified user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  returns a list of calendar to be defined in the def .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  return the color at a given distance between two colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  checks if a transform is same .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the shape of y by y from y x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects request .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return the mariadb library defined info .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the function has been replaced and no effect .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  decorator to generate tests that use the execution module to get and return an json-formatted database .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns a serialization method for the given self .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template from the template and return a parsedtemplate object .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime value to a datetime in the format returned by a microseconds .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all of the most recent tag .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return whether or not a file starts with a given path .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test astropy .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the request value from the current request if it exists or if none .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a function that pads a key by a given ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if there are no item in the line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a random string of length characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  retrieve attributes for the set of an attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  replace the specified checker with the api .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico up ico surface from a bad file .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when all collapse inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  used to mark tests that are several results in a separate thread .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the randomly sampled .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  remove indices from epochs counts .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  create the objects for an object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for the given state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to the absolute absolute path .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing array to a python array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on/off the csrf token .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  update websites update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items as a list of entity items to intersect .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that course mode is expired and can be used in the course modes .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a string into a number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  start the destination platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator that skips a test if running tests .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  write the special chars .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single config file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  return the fresh ten type of the integer or raise .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  sets the base image properties used to allow backslashes to be used in the image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  wrapper around site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the mysql server is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  validate a sysctl command line argument with a given character .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes the specific clsid of a clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts the facts to set option returns: dict: the facts : facts dict updated with the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all pricing cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining without the closest remaining .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  a class decorator to be called in a class the methods of an attribute .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  given a list of issues logs .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  make the states for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update voor voor voor voor .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  if output or position a line .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate training with inception variables .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  compute the in-degree sets of nodes in a graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string representation of the tspec .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a dataset is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics for this date strings .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns a list of dicts .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the func is used as a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object from the cloud profile .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize filename based on annotation .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a seqrecord .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  alias for compatibility .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  expression -> expression like realpath: .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  like numpy .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  check and pass django 1 .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  a decorator to enforce that a memoization request be associated with this is a removeslash .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing instance_info_cache record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with authentication token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  check current time .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse function for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure session secret and secret from session secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a single template file from salt master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  returns config value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  extract the multiplied additional from a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to count and return the resulting number of leading tags .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production bytes from the given file and return production object .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to a single space .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  gets the value of the template .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current task name for the current task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates n random bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this function before sections but doesnt support a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does this action have a choice method .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  generates a dict of clades clades tree for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  return true if and only if the object is an systems terminal .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test that an exception can accept sanic .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  given a list of levels .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  queries the coupon and return the corresponding cart .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove the given string from each string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the find_current_module is none .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the contact contact contact defaults for a given user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  given a log input .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a status for a cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a entry-point .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version from uwsgi .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  clear the elements of an element .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  return the version of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate that parameters of invalid requirements are allowed .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  return the sum of a column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  return the final no_content path for the final folder .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  moves a file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  return text with optional fallbacks .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans for an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create form valid subclade .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool path of the tool .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for warnings header field .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler a file or execute a build as a build parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  print output of each media_player .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return a recommended object to use for the given *things .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  convert from string to unhexify .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register attempts to sentry .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the random hardware address on unix by running systems .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get workaround for an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if the given compatibility is supported .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check if a configuration is not configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  capture stdout and prompt to match the stdout .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak bound to a callable target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return the vmdk size for the given image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  given a version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  take a treatments vector of order vector and order o .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a specified path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  matching a random circuit in choices .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return true if a resource is found .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  kludge the given data and enter a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts data from a given dir .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  try to convert a user name to author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging excepthook .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  copies a file looks like a html/xml tool .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return square vector of n from a square matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  get a list of stacks by removing files inside and function .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  returns a test method that can be required to filter out in test data .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a helper function for testing the value of a built-in call .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make a command to ensure that a setup is not being used in the setup .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  apply python objects to a instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically use sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get the maximum point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given apiid in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a single profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if file matches any triplet .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  creates a sig for float or finalized in the given classes .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values in the list .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  return a test suite for use in testing .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  attempt to call f until it does not exist or a function is not currently being called .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  convert a string to an integer that contains no newline .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse stats for a content-type .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  compute the average clustering of the bipartite clustering the bipartite clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  returns the semantic mean of the seq in a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge for a given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute services for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c options pre-processor pre-processor pre-processor c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  regression test for issue #878 .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file using the given filename and return it .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize a stream or stream like yaml or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the component if it finds a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : file_input | ruleitem | program | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  prints the diffsettings cannot be used for security rejections .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from an iterable of expressions .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  decrease the retention stream .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  add two inputs together to the input .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the sax .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the normalization on a viewpoint .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  tests that the uploaded model can be trained properly with a dummy dataset-- a c model and dataset .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns otus from a filter from a file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test if masquerading is provided by providing the test .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get the arguments from a function call with arguments .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path to the empty directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  generator that matches pat pattern and return the analytics pattern for the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  draw a set of monoms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the command line and returns a text .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate an expression into its realpath: .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  this is the recommended method used within specific site .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test overriding by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  utility method to get the rest of a given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute the main method via the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of issues url for given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a decorator to make sure a repr for a recursive function call .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sorts a diff on the given context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the type for a database type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  retrieves a dict with any required ids .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove repeated repeated .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the specified configuration cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the stream to a buffer .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns true if the system is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds a new instance of methods to new element .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert x to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  convert a symbol into an integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  providing a linear frozenset instances for frozenset .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports report report about daily weekday .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is designed to work in the command line interface .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test to ensure token correctly allows preductions to test the provided auth based on its provided content-type .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  flips a host string to a host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run the given shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a file .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  test that an empty directory is improved .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a allocations on a resource provider by a resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert the given image to an exif image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract all translations from a given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more keys from the datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open file like a serializer file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate objects for objects in conversions .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if x is valid returns false if x .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  filtered-equal shapes adjust with the given number of bits to the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor indicating a neighbor string .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper function used to create an argument to return a list of argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the correct archive and return its filename if it is available .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform a hinfo record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  decorator that take a pickle and return a dataset class .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new value of the vectors x and y .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the path to the custom config file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  initialize the shortcut for the git module .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to make a view that can be used on the current user .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the data from a package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a xblock xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the specified field of field .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test using pip extra places .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path to the temporary resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model that is registered with the given user .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master facts from master .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random header .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  queue for pytz enrollment .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initialize all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  no-op attributes .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if g is an iterable of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  returns the html of the given value x .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load all modules .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the [[question hash for the measurement .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a function that can be used to color to the given color .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit and all arrange width .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if a package is installed in the package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call gce call failhard .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the items in the sent using any .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  returns the indefinite integral of a file for the gosper term .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  open a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  cleans the canonical directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to deploying a thread .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return absolute path to the freesurfer_home home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return an object to a module in a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make a cache file with the given name .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that a matplotlib file is ignored .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns sample with k number of k horizontally .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sitemap with previous sitemap for the sqs .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  start a web server in help .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius to a mobius interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  returns a decorator that also used from a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  ensure that the parent directory named "path" are an integer .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static lb balancer cli example: .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set active attributes from privacy .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  returns a theano model with hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the inverse of an getrss or try to address .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set the new mean of the previous containing the values of the x .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the path of the given app .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade histogram .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of all vms ids for the tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  that the user is something that an error is compiled by the stdouts is compiled .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to get the root root namespace .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  return true if the given fuzzy are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff dictionary for the given key in the given diff .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  emulates the behavior of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply nested forward by applying applying a feature .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the architecture architecture based on the architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clears globally installed cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  reads the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test if the current powers is super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  copies a new wsgi server .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic1tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a single redis session .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  utility function to create an column in a specified schema .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run a function in a attribute .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  asynchronously run a single test with a boto qos .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin offset .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check to make sure old file proxyfile is allowed .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by transformwords .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  perform a list of the installed version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns random string listing using pw .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename of the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure relationships is trapped .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the specific model keys with the given key from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the revision from the socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns true if the field in the given fields contains all the field details .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  create a new cloud image tags .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  short function to rgb color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  return the twisted method for this version .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  parse the grains of a file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an l{errormessage<pyamf role for a class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the number of b36 needed to hold a specific long number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read a namedtuple file into a namedtuple .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  return an entry from a remote dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get authentication token from service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test if a given reader is no speaker .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  returns a locale from a given locale and a locale name .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create the config file for the given config .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  define a function that wraps aws arg .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  tests that the notation given pattern is set .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value for numbers that can be coerced to utf-8 .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  return the value of validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line of a stack trace .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list to a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a subset of dependencies that are not used to compute the other kind .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to return the filelines file in a source .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  add a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  allows a list of items to flatten units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot a line of text changed .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal object works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a helpful application and return a generic file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save denominators using numpy array of denominators .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return all descendants of the graph g in source to all nodes for a weighted graph .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print the summary line of a given row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  get the error id for a jsonrpc code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data to a different hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  example: then fail if not found .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  takes a template string and fills the result .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a postfix smtpd log message and extract interesting data it .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a valid route id and a valid vpc id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  require a process to be installed on a package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check that key is a string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns true if text is asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  get the media string for the media .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast sparse matrices to dtype and cast .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse an css string from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  convert a 16-bit integer from network order to an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a problem and all of its fixed state .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check if a logger has logging entries .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password in the user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a dictionary of service to bootstrap plugins cli example: .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a user .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  non-blocking with the given request .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  handle epochs axes click .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the string of indentation .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  get the indentation of indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in seconds to long .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given value is a valid validator for this method must be used as an application .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water basins .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns the data from the data what the user can view it .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return true if text is safe for windows systems .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset page .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of containers in the container .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  page whether a page is the current page under the given page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  add the bracket line .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the falsehold .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalizes a line of text endings .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing nodes .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  finds all the full path in the zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  returns an iterable of dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential palette from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of all modules available in the given module tree .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings where the a particular state exist .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get an attribute from an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make figure out of an image .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  installs the list of exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a source and its modification times .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the given image with no square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update timeline for given doc .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a file of a given results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all the plugins in the given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn bytes .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of filter names and pyname calls .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if an object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  secure test for pandas correction on a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator to create a new result for a cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a request to send an http request to the build api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format the package xml file or block device using logistic cli example: .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  performs polar transform on a cost matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the port mapper for a device running on a device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a package on a package in distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  divide a polynomial from a polynomial .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the length .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  clear followup .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a either if it exists in the compute images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return html encoded bytes if the first example: .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  returns a string version of the value .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  lists all private subscribe from the user and stores them .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading as belonging to specific for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a requests response with a given status code .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that vbox_guest is well copy path .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  decorate a test to become returned when invoked at a time .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a given nd .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a string .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a context manager to run a given shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  calculate the mckean-schrader for a binary angle between two arrays .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  get server version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns an element from the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return the full path to a file or directory that should be an source file .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return a start_response() instance .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fill the inset file or gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  return a new dict with keys of the values in it .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct the page for the given page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a remote service cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova or deny to the global choice of a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install pexpect .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the rest service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a given object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a right and convert expected dict of expected character .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of valid intersection of states that can be valid .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that methods that requested requested by non-intersecting .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns current locale for the current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  check to make sure a valid user is set to sys .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  format a format format type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying ccx compilation of a context of a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test isolation forest for points in random normal with lots .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  store a new communication .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern of all regular expression .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  setting all sequences in a specified key .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the given rule is any precomputed rules .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager which changes the translation language for a given language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  sets the current session state for the current thread .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a tuple of result objects .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a np .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  returns the current target target .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  parse the location of a number of kept or schedule a similar to the file .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query or store into lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  returns a list of matching glob patterns in the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get all x509 certificate for a certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  set dns dns certificate to be value of ip_nonlocal_bind .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  factory function for make sure the threads do not read one or more batch .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  returns true iff the supplied date is modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is not recommended in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  returns a single python command on a system .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  use the s3 s3 bucket to remove the given s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a raw query from a query instance for each instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of all possible conversion of the current host .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list the volumes in the root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the description of the named computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the given authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  get a resource service running on the specified service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  check if a pid is running in a pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the direc .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  this function performs the pairwise between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  when a user is saved .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list from a pattern in the value .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  joins the path back into a string .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  retrieve the request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  get unique element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  returns a wsgi .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the test is cleared with a settext label .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read in the metric from the given metric .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like the format .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  determine if the task has __isabstractmethod__ method on a custom task .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the attribute of a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi command from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  return an sys for a namespace .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this is a pickleable term in the x cookies of zero .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypts key using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if github was made on github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to get grains from pillar .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper function for defining parse actions that are within a weak expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data - the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  applies force_str on all keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the random mode type .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get grains from the provided datastore cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  format the schema pointed to a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  generate a time group of a given density .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the string "all" to add .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  convert a string to a dict with the mysqls values .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples based on certain value .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a single module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template error based on a specific template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the integer and all occurrences of the word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests the creation of an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem in the form .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push codenotti .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete info on an image uuid uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  a decorator to check that all the old-style old-style old-style connections of a class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  list all the keys available on this computer .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  retrieve the object for the given reference .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  like :func:operator but can be called at different places .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref into a dict .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  move to the start of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  a decorator for getting func information for a method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  ensure the slice is not found .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a callback for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of a string of the data of a string node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin shows the jenkins from plugin .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute the full frame of a full text .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the caches xml api .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a template .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  will add a function to the given method or update it .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  get a python string corresponding to a javascript database .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  try to sync the database to sync and perform the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is syslog and not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a string of bytes into an integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the meeting that performs the passed word on the specified word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  return a list of paths that can be used to mark a file depending on the prefix .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return list of action with the given name .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  detect agent from chaining and return a list of authors .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a list of the names of the locale that locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the given html .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class passed to new-style inheritance .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the minion data from the cloud profile .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return reorient file object reorient .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  simple interface to subprocess .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns true if expr is in the nnf expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration string from the config object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  check robust routing memory .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a step definition .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  logs a traceback of the traceback log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return a tag from a list of metadata .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a path to the directory of the given path .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  determines if certificate is an san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the status for a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  computes the inverse of dot product of a sequence of numbers .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parse a phyloxml file from an if-range output .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update addons+collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into a string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  redirect to a given query string .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes keychain_items or unnecessary from the host .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get open meta for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  used to pickle an object .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get the current audio delay value .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  returns the argument name a function that returns the argument to a key for the given argument .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a text to an iterable of text .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  generator that returns all frames in a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to an integer .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  create action to add a user for the received strong key .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new query for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  returns an edxnotes id for the given user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that lex character parsing can produce objs .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a string for matching with a given value .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the base and real matrices of a real coordinate system .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the http response headers to use for human readable format .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  context manager to manage the given exception and save it as reraise .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an attribute .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  return the population variance of the approximation to be used in the user-specified grains .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  get authentication digest from an authentication challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines whether the specified rules can be used .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the name of the named user cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create a pagerduty resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  renders an email .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if the ip is a valid ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  returns the line number of a single line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  installs the root logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for use in the directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override parsing user configuration and override an api function .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if a character is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write sequence of pairs to sequence config: by "-" .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  encode a url back to double double data .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson bson to bson .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if request is ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logs out user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  return whether non-nan floats are equal to within a rounding error .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a file or directory to an absolute path .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from in - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve user groups as they are look as a list of roles and its node ids .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  ctr ctr for unordered stability .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns the root url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  given a throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns latex representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup the datatype .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  mdadm provides raid functions for linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new absolute request for the given view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the pages and titles for each page .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an openstack group cli examples: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a with rbenvs command in the user or the system .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  parse the arguments of a cluster and return a list of shapes .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns all non-empty and a full module name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a list of term from a given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a dict with name .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary method step without shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the label image in a background image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a higher fastq file for each fastq conversion .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket email address .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a tuple of weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  same as the rest api .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  api endpoint to find all translations files for a language file .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns true if the unused option has been selected within a select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import a file .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  get the error message .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  list of f and return the degree of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the information from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure the object to be correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content content to the cached content for the given version .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  apply the intersection of a series or a dataframe on the dataframe patterns .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  compute the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a users job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  read in parent file for given file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  a decorator for methods that accept debug and dump the results to a function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the hour in the series is farther than three hour than hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read a 32-bit encoded variable from a file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  creates a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of representation trees into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  handle the response handler .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of handlers to an s3 based on the provided handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  set the liveaction connection to an actionexecution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading as an masquerading .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return an error response based on an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a list of unassigned .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  print a list of all rendering columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  use coverage to check the coverage for users .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command status code for existing found .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  try to make the image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the warnquota service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that allow a user to reset https .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return the hypergeometric elements of simple elements in a sequence of p .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable tab completion and after the given command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename all matching values to a module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert a line size into vcenter size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  test that we can fit a single fit .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  net on a complex xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns unicode string value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base regenerate rbrace | rbrace | boolconstant | const_map times the rbrace .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns the standard code of a code object .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return a hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if one exists .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  data -> gzip decode data decode data data decode data using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  check that the package is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the javascript code from a function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check for password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set a set of option to true for set option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return a handles formatted string for caching .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to get a login mechanism from the response .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id target specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a chambolle security .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  take list of encoding and return them .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  returns a aggregated object .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a kern .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts context as a string representing a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of the string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses the username/credentials out of a specific rules .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error code which makes an api error .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  create a command line option for options .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generates the ims for each host .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a decorator which adds a cache or method to be used .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this takes a document and fills it as a dict .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative color to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a comma-separated list from a string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert a us format to a string .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | float .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  convert from integer to int .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return true if a is a a is a a is a is a a a a is a a a a a a is a a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a source entry to the api endpoint .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc file at bad style levels .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the operations that is logged in the minion .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile everything .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the values in salt minion .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a set of command-line .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view like user but feeds .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  call the rest service on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns name of a field label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  helper function to make the minimal databases .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  shorthand function to copy a file as a stream object .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  show the mail bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  check that the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  configures given method in a dictionary by contribute to all the methods in like:: .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  return certain scan of a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  returns the symbol symbol for a specified path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate active padding for a number .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess of the type of an deduplicated type .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes hamming .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert a python structure to a python int .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  logits_size a network .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger an event .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  prepare the cached state to a tar location .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  remove x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  read the viewfinder file and return the configparser instance .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  given a sequence of terms .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the encoding was not found .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  uses network to expanded .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns the 128-bit hash of pem for the 128-bit algorithm .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  pass module api calls into minion cli example: .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that starts the list of tokens as tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  choose_port() except for hypersearch .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label rgb to string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in the given pagerduty .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for all pairs of nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  given an object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the pickle files that contains no image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games for the given interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the version of currently installed version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  prints the value of the given python structure .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a area under a different name .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create an input file of a sparse matrix parameters dirname : str path to the file in sparse format returns a numpy array of the form .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a series of axes sections for app_id .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read contents from the numa maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test program handling .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city version based on s3 .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  tries to sequence of the first axis of n .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run the cache entry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the real result from a pre-formatted .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of stored keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  the resource to delete a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information about the marathon server cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  produce the target .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create a gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost is absent name the host to remove runas user the rabbitmq vhost user to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  moving average coherence collections .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  return list of info in the kb requests .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get a specific physical unit unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open indices to frappe .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a record for domain of a single process .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  get a pair of file ids from the file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the number for a number of national .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts two strings such as ltr .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize the given addons for linking settings object .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yield all the pairs in the given message .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validates that the value of confvar is an existent transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of a key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  returns true if fast connect to a fast login .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  turn a quadratic equations on an arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if valid strings starts with an empty object .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  returns repr representation of an object .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the contents of the gntp service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  finds the expression list of a list of weighted values .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get a container container id container id container id id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  init_declarator_list : init_declarator_list comma init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a qcolor to hex string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the specified xml .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  compute the jaccard coefficient of x and x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts an error code into a string .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method for a list of mapping animation to a complete file parameters label : array_like .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  back a particular database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes it sort .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  construct a file path for the fly .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a list of networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a copy of our :func:repr .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  takes a show name - gets new instance attributes .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  send packets at layer 2 .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test dealing with raw sensor .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate the dict validation .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the python-like string for the given reference .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  compute the induced induced of g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  shows the bank .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  get minimum connection string .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format the file object for file to .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of old diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of running running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create custom backwards setting for an language .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to mark a function as public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  retrieve list of ids and output ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  return the asked for a path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure nltks data for several structproxy .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if properly is set .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  position a 303 .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release the first two vs .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  generate a random sample of final frequencies .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  takes a bucket name and returns the bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this function performs the channel on a user .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  get the get_conf() .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapping a documentation .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  popular version of pythons urllib .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink tensor with respect to w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart counter or return unsaved counter .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  tests normal numbers based on types .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  method to decode streams using a chunk of pieces .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new python console instance .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the feedreader component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  finder successfully finds one of a set of incorrect .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get a node for all http or report headers .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top rated domain rated and ratings for a given exploration .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test for issue #5617 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta of the media with the given media descriptor .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  normalized normalized mean .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores an back file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load a file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  copy the appropriate lock on each threads to make sure that any already been imported .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  for each object in a tree .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named user .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns a dictionary with some safer .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test compilation on the compiler compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters starting with invalid name .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  require the auth web page .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  serialize image in sample vector into vector of vector parameters data : array-like returns writeme .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders a 500 handler for log warnings .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore filename at the beginning of the file .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  return the direct direct in the given string .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  configured for delete row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides the root root xml tag .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  filter out input dictionary based on a following value .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return elements of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates a absolute reverse on parameters .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  remove files from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  helper method to login when user is an application .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  compare two gradients of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a hac of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records sql queries from all clips .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  convert two options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  fid_list - /fs_id  .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() should output with unicode output .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list unified diff .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may contain the rule .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered with a .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace one or more iterables .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  use this function to create a table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  test control of the null in the test case .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  a blank text that runs a function/method .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate the manifest to a package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disables an apache site to be not enabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the self thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  gives a comma header based on a uri .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  synchronize links .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return the value of a uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the version string for the env['$ or installation .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that hugs type successfully works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to submit a step to the views .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create an open file for the given action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  initialize the histogram dataframe from a file .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize the data for use with a single stdout .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return true if specified url has visibility as an email address for a gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  entry point for the rest api .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  set or set the default ruby of a default ruby the default ruby the default ruby to set as a given ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  execute a rule inside the log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the code is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  tests for notes: file instance methods with specified settings in a specified field .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string representing the given template string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a kernel from a file .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return whether this request should be logged in .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  return current families of given families .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sets the virtual environment to use for the y-axis: %s different keywords .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd interpolation .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for messageprocessor the decorated function to the metrics finishes .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  returns the content as a part of a path .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check dependency filehandles .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the user to see if the course must be complete for the specified course exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is a none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  makes a binary string to a bytearray using the xml encoding .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  extract code and zip blocks from a code and maybe blocks .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  cache the key function key function to get the key key for the specified object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tries to "guess" two numbers .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function merges slices into an array with its idx_list .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  test whether locale is a .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  valid url .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  serialize a file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid root .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or a series of elements .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order homogeneous differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution of variable>}}{text{<dependent .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan or locator driver return the appropriate string representation of a vlan .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text formatting .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data from a fif file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the directory: path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute a matrix .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a textual etags as a string .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file from a string to a pickle .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read the return the content of a url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  calculator a celery celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the value can be used as a json-p array .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the file modification times .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  make sure that signature is a column is assigned to a column .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates whether the request fields are valid .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the type_model cosine matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a dictionary which contains the following code for the specified viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  given a container object .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song tool .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test elemwise with elemwise groups .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the uclust information to process the model .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns an iterable of featured activity references for all featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  return true if the groups only supported in the stub stub .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and expire the expired buckets .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  test reading unbounded header with unbounded right by col .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces union all occurances of union select .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  run a test .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline of a newline .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return featurewise inserting x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the disjoint union of a disjoint graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks whether the courses generation need to enable as courses for the given course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator used by atexit to log and then parse the results to a query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the profile parameters .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  try to import and return the finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes rpm/sla users on the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the path for the sgml/xml board .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> ~/abc split a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns the number of samples for the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store the value of a given config section .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  return a list of devices that can be blkid .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  check if the certificates is signed by a public certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  returns the url to the bootstrap theme if its not there .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  looks up a string of numbers with randomly compile a number of tokens .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the value of the given start in the given form line numbers .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the number of polygon and element to the segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex bytes .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to system path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  check for a runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  allow backslashes to make sure that all tasks are configured .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  return a alf_exceptions of y:: entries which is true or false assuming that their corresponding to the given features .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and return the module to it this module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  deprecated and verify that uris are equal .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the name of the current request for the user .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a job value from the rest interface name .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a low-level double double double such that positive value does not exist .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set the media title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert an image to a numpy array with the same month .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  will start to control service via daemontools .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  update the average 'amo' .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return kvm vendor vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a shell command .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  returns a dict of items of a collection of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events for calendars service .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  return the raw token from http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the total edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a number into two numbers .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  whether value is an argument .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  return a path to the operating system path .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  the sequence following the first popall element in a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush parenthesised email with specified limit and flush it are not in cache .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if specified port is any of the positive packet .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to declare which only raising a validator value .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of x .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the preferred input and the locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  compute the nth deviation of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  see if github folder is successfully .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of key flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  if the value is in the form of the text .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  return a filter with a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph from the given sequences .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  select a function for running a command .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the base paths of a package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  return the placementgroup name to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a string of two 8 .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  runs the given request as the response .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  quote avatar avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the queryset of the queryset for the given addon and uuid .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import and import all others from package if the string .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test triadic fixtures) .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture to print all the test case .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  execute : string either set or the file separated grains .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file system path to a tree system path and add it to file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible func using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial f to a a dict of a factorization of a polynomial f .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of list of all the fast strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of a device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first expression in expr of expr examples .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that facilitates preprocessing per method .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for a complex distribution parameters params : 2d array of moments data using either 2 or distfn .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  return the list of network interfaces which are what cidr the pattern is zk_hosts from net .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  return true if the given value is a string .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a list of the respective components of a path with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get server status for a particular server .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  returns a list of / timeseries files from the given list of "1" .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the ask address for the current email address .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq curve is set .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if popup has requested files or serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  get if a user exists on the postgres server cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display a public dashboard for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute control function for event pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  icinga2 icinga2 icinga2 function .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get the utc date for the given datetime object .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns true if the container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return the number of the frequency .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python file in the python directory .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check whether the type of type correctly contains valid type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find the null file in a given greatest .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterator which can be true or any nodes from the task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  given a version string for the exploration that will be exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  646192: the header of a sff header file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  converts a value into a tuple of numbers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the request file for the specified feed .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error of a heap .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  return the tell integer number that is currently used as a number .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test updating trip .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each lists of infiles to a list of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a mount point .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  return true if all groups have been present in config .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  collect the example of the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all configured remotes on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return an s3 url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  create an array of features from file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon with one media root .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  generator function to return if the connection can be used on the connection .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two results of dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  set mysql schema for all classes .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly arguments to get vector3 .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the given page exists in the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a dict containing validation error .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy is supported .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the local backend that contains no backend configured .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solve a factorial bit from a bcpy scratch space .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the given string with all occurrences of a list of words replaced by a single space .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for lines used to serialize the number of lines .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  catch errors that the given exceptions exceptions an exception handler .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string to rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories within the extra_specs .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a view decorator that maps dot to a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  check if the current user has the permissions to modify api .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all of the specified tenant cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  adds a batch variable with a new variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns data from a dict .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test if a response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  assert a reorder is equal to order .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a text string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  get the namespace or looks like a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from the given comment at a given keyword .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test x with an equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  set the result to wanted .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps in the given app .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  get a matching account on a iwtools object .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 version of the content reference: .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return a host string .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  check an 822 format .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  better feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  adds a pseudo module to the named module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes using the given mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads an image from file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care of the repo_info_tuple as it is in a particular tool shed repository and return a new .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints debug message and debug logger .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a redirect user id or not .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  return a dict with local plugins in the local violation .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  extend image sequence .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render mako based on a page .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  convert a list of order strings to iterable .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  do any split_header_words returns a copy of the target network .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks numpy and cupy are equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  check if a given value is valid .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to connect to the log client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the messages of an messages .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  runs the next item from the iterator .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape string array to remove any .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change a _sa_instrument_role-decorated name to a real string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  generate an empty lines .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will retry a set of plugin .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the build .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert a set of choices into key/value pairs .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual machines on a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of interfaces which a network is zk_hosts the visible version of the network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper function to get date from a date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  returns the feedback form for the requested user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  use a standard deviation to compute arg .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the identity pool pool name for the given identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of words to a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link into a dict of parsed link .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator to expect images on the filesystem images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  returns the flavor policy for a given image .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in files .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  returns a list of installed package strings .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  run the worker with the other workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  create and convert the converter file to png .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as safe for use in a url .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate circle percentage of a number .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this utility function takes a list of text and turn it into an existing element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create an open file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points inside a gaussian .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  return an options object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to mock the module output .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the linux size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return cpu policy corresponding to the given cpu .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build the path .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor on sitemonitor .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  add multiple threads to the module .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a non-null query string to a python query .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  convert validate file to pathlib or stdout .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a list of packets and return the provided revisions functionality .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  rotate a step .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all available features cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import and import a module given its path path .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a network type for a given model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get an vswitch [elementwise] object .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the index where the elements in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for tournament graph g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  loads a file from the web page .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check it metadata for the module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  returns true if s is a number .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the person instance from a text tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload a remote host to a remote host using scp .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  updates a single json player of a game .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  calculates the hex digits of a series parameters digits : series or series of the hex value .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  apply a list of all items in a given sequence of dictionaries to a single item .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns x .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  randomly relative to positive .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  gets the rank of a variable with the ratings of the ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  return a capabilities list from a capabilities of text .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  get dependencies and its dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : lbrace initializer_list rbrace .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be used to disable the device .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  server calling location list using the specific locations for the given location .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  returns a bug that prints exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new string to an object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a volumes volume from a volume container container id .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict or list of items matching the specified key .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a set of all rmdir in the test .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape any object in an iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the modules value .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  return the count of child tags .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  check that fqdn is valid .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a parameter .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement for a replacement set of integer elements of a replacement .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  used to parse a due date extension based on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set of set_linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  tests whether a file starts with different monitor .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the edit if it is a proper variable .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  create a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  compute the square apply_matrix_pt(m using taylor var .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since the qutebrowser qutebrowser will not cause any errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create a new banner banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  clear the block if two arrays are equal .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  computes the gausswave gausswave triangle all goals .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  perform quorum of n on n elements .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable a service via monit cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return for bookmark usage of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  register a new graph .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  make a truth value of a repository that could be generated from a repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  disconnect a signal handler from the aws .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a thread .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  return true if the node is in special special patterns .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a tuple of colors that differ with a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the increment from the global intersection of the multiplier .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  returns true if the given date should be automatically update .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a decorator that implements top-level commands .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a gui .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  this function is currently active and should be called from request based on the request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list with key as actual user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a rdbms manager for a given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  validator function to catch a .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert an object to the native object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset from the line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  read extensions with the given name .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to a list of valid times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the line containing the escaped character .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  the handler that can be sent to the services .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching the dsk2 module to a garbage collector model .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the challenge challenge for the current thread .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  output to the debug level .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  returns a new cast-128 lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the snippet of videos .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  insert/update a single file .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  efficiently compute the matrix using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  returns the plugin registration .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  return the absolute value of a and a given array a and a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is a class with a method of arguments .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  create the experiment log .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value and scopes from the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  run a scheduled test with tableau movement .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a native python data from native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic transformation for the given equation .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return kinds dict for each kinds that contains kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a list of ip addresses for the provided list of users on the given subnet .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return random hex characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return a list of all best services which have been loaded by the given service types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  returns true if the string s is no character followed by the last character in the given string .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for safe and sickbeard .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the rule used / referenced inside the necessary .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fixes the scan for i/o .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a list of props from a dict or a list of params .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  user list .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copies the appropriate archive file to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns a list of configured working interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the external book to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  try to guess all lines in a given role .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a new document block function suitable for ctr encryption modes .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a unique uuid from a living uuid .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs rsa against a given uri against a specific uri .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the target url of the target that were uploaded with the given paths .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create the configuration for the callers file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of events to specialized .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  finds tidy from the given stack .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator to work out of a list of hosts and its hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all networks by instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the siphash24 class for a given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the dark sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  create a string of length n from a given string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that returns the config file for a particular desktop .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old messages to make sure proxy is allowed .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a given value to a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a 32-bit matrix from file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  return the datastore/datacenter for the given format .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  creates a token to use for endpoints .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  start watching a preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and returns all the json output .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  retrieve column name from column or raise .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse a multiplier to a multiplier string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a non-system-only instance that the datadir is available and not in the cache .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url and return the scheme .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from opennebula concerning the given blob .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create configuration object for the gpu function .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the matrix sets rows .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  return the pareto and code of data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  dynamically load a class from its name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns true if the solution according to the given recordset .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function shares a new ip address for new request .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a signal to the time if the given file is set .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  makes sure that the latex is valid .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns a diagonal array with diagonal elements in the interval .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  check if url is running under https .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  ensure qiime config file with *name* .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that new supported_by column works .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check support for git versions .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the content from a docker key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get the loops going inside the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that logs out user .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert the value from a text to an integer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the given class represents a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns the energy norm of the kolmogorov-smirnov norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  function to mimic the null hypothesis function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape string with a backslashes .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  show adjacency paths from graph for dijkstra .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  attempt to serialize an object to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball in the given intersection request to a tarball .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return the list of schemas in schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  return btrfs btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the minimum nodes of the node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test file for use in tests .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert clipped metadata from instances to metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  succeeds email preferences of user with given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take a list of tuples and split it into a single string .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of all constructor from a given module .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator to mark a function as an api signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only runs on freebsd systems with pkg .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  returns a list of tuples in the book list of results .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  remove a lease mac address from the pool .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the entire file from the filename or the directory path .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  shows the id string to include the current process .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate an ip hash of the specified string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns the directory .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a test file for a given test file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  return a secure enough .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a symlink on theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns the path to the cola .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  returns size bytes for human readable units .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a certain document .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  testing central moment for the loglikelihood variance model .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  return a valid temporary file path to a test server .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return children/threads of a process of its children .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse a string of bytes string according to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  trims the data in a gzip using the gzip content encoding .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  hash with cycles .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the built-in python documentation .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a set of utm points for the given latlon .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  simple view that checks the whitelist is a whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  render a template into a context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  connect to individual shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl without having deleted line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close connection .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  predict float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of the given file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the current time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  html markup to writedoc .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of resource pools .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  determine dns dns for following user .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shut down the server .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for date in an input date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return if the filename is set .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a instance to cls and appropriately for a given descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  sort the rate of the currently tune .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  move widgets to move to move to move to move a localized .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  field_id : const field_type identifier = const_value | const field_type identifier = const_value .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top five brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  validates an inventory dict of data for this company .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  writes a message to disk .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a datetime to the corresponding system .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job status cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  determines if the similarity is in the word oauthgetaccesstoken .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  sibling a mysql dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test warning with non-prettified which is raised by there .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  for connection tests .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the standardises name of a strong .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack a dict to the latest filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update resource type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the minion to send to true for the given computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares the crypto variables with multiset_partitions_taocp on getrsq .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  waits for the user to select a given standard error .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  look up the value for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets a specific auth .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  coerce a numpy array of a boolean array to a bool array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a pep_number container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory memory since the number .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  given an input string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount up access to a filesystem location in the filesystem location returns: boolean true if hash is valid access the filesystem file or file .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the given image path .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  for a given changeset .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the connection matching the filters type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  encode binary representation as a string s in the make hex way .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator to iterate over alphabet .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate the sample data for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns the uniform samples with uniform samples .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python objects to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  download the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a new socket object .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all repository_reviews from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all importer managed by its name .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the bayesian information works .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  create a random sample from standard kindofgarch process with arma and ma parameters ar : array_like residual : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special characters from a string .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student and enroll email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  list all forums forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  mark a path as if it doesnt support .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a -> int flattens the longest letter codes into a list of trace .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  checks if the given app is a rest framework .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  updates list of given document in parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return path to rss rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a fif file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes all ns namespaces and return a dict with a new one .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  require the 8-bit system via the saml plugins .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  adds a locale for a category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for admin admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return a distribution for a bug .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the gcode file for the path if it is one .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the default auth to be used for authentication .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  check if an ipv4 address represents an ipv6 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips the number of character in a character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby ruby the ruby to which to reinstall reinstall .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  checks if the given data is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test cases for read() @deprecated .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api hook for service .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate the weighted deviation from a list of weighted values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the boto conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert a string representation to a matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow for the common multiple of the value in regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  assembles a template that can be used to represent parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry configure the dry report for improving the build .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform content or a package jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same as the page .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the persisted_block student module .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces whitespace characters with a single space .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  flattened flattened version of iterable object .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of words to a string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate a cookie in the provided validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to growl client .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  call c{f} with given name .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  parse command-line arguments for the dataset .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the attribute name for the given object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get detailed clusters clusters for a node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  convert an http url to a url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a given graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  produces a node_class transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split the nodes into a tree of nodes in dictionaries .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to ordered dict .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in html .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return data to a relative data store .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if the given organization is already purge .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all users .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  compare two records with prefix .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtual host exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj to an aggregate .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository for a repository field type select an option field .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature nodes and its derivative .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parses a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host to use for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new name cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a 2-bytes number to the micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to broadcast a list of matplotlib methods for a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  construct the number of occupied bits from a given number between bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  convenience function to get a solicited method of a callable function .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the object expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a port in a running process .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  disable api manager from a given table .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  make a 2d numpy array .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a rendered format to make json formatted string output .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds a vpc vpc tags in a vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from the given hash from the given arguments .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change graph in a non-celestial vector .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a figure and save it to the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the list of file extensions that are up after the current thread .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  run a bunch of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  marks the user preference as complete by the given user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  shows a string on pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all the resource classes for this shuup instance .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning msg .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return unix file path .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that no errors are not found .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  creates an email model instance for interacting with the given {'predicted .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  given a set of namespaces without a set of namespaces .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list role on this minion cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  get the javascript code for a locale .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat value for randomize .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get a filepath from the file system .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified amount of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  a decorator to apply "name" to an old-style class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between two expressions .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  return the md5 hash of the given case .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of available pull request for a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content using salt .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  initialize metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return priority of modules that should be inside an extension extension .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  return the volume of an installed volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  widen the first partition of the gj .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  create a new unusable .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  the script in a compiler .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  send the notification with order after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return information about the logical config files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a series of objects to the total accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the unicode representation of the given value .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  determine whether a set of invalid win is invalid .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  handles a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to leaves it else for a node .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  returns the display path for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this is a debug function that takes a list of parent like ints for it is that the corresponding iterable .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command and add it to its command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for deprecated .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  test that a custom editor can be passed .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  determine the default bucket for the given bucket name .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean value of the list .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction where the reconstruction are in a vector .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints a log message to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute cross-talk stats check .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a n-dimensional byte string of random bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  given a set of parameter names .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the name of a process instance .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  add comment form to comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert a process name to iri .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or return it contains an iterator which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  returns the wsgi application serving the request as a wsgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  obtain an expression for the two potentially .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  test explicit segments of a given group .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set the value of a dictionary in the value .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  list user saved playlists .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  restful crud pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  take strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a list of auto fields for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method running a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator cache directory .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split dataframe into multiple pieces mapping for each group .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  readers that masked should denote the start of a frequency value .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test fit and sample routines with ros .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the non-overlapping non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a graph of edge from a undirected graph g to build in g from an undirected graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  returns a prob if not provided .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns a 404 not found error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the system command to use for dependencies .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this cleans up particular training .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load private key .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  return true if the user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download permissions from a post .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a given path looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function for a list of vpcs .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return config dict .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  explicitly sends a message to the python .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  show a list of which each value has been set .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the current server version .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find all the elements of an footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  install a setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems with windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  represent an ipv4 address in network ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  returns true if a cron user is in the specified mask .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom custom verify whether a given cookie can be signed .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  function to get rid of a texts .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  invoke a color or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a list of api formatting codes from the api endpoint .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure that a named value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the given file or directory to the remote ones .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  returns the config file object .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the current user to the provided vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  prints the url at the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for login to become login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  retrieve the known_hosts location of an image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  trying to create a bucket that changed inputs .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a file of contents .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a regular expression name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  make a line from several samples by real or epsilon .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform f(k) = a fourier corner .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  convert the given reference to any of the iterable of a fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the average coefficient of an attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a list of unparse .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  randomly sample frequencies with degree * diag .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  parse text containing html .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for base properties .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  users: commands of the contents of graphs .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  discussion_ids the transformation to a file .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the installed diff of a file .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  create an array of samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one group of the matrix parameters nm : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  does the received => types: .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  displays a security member of this user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  return the string for the 3339 of a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that sets the default app to the current application .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  get the users grade dashboard data .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a string or contains some characters .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through public explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a given handler for the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  registers a list of dictionaries in a temporary order .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return source line numbers for each line containing the line starting from getstatementrange .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the device is a system .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the user index of the most recent stack .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition which is unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv to an s3 bucket for download and push it to an s3 bucket .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans an http page with an http worker .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a compatible dict based on a sample using a new one .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice elements .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set or densities a specific computenode .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  slices the behavior of a sequence object .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return the progress key for a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find service by name for given service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  check for missing lines after class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  compare two arrays float32 the result to the logged in .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the right code for a code object .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  test that seed can be used with logarithmic logarithmic split 1 .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  a helper to get the temporary directory of a library directory .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to a timedelta or float value .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the current user to the provided response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys in the dictionaries if a list of dicts .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  returns a random non-empty instance of the vector where the vector is drawn from the standard flow .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return a boolean value based on whether or not the vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the twisted options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if a given name is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a python string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory that the given segment is running within .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  convert a keyword arguments to possibly all keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  make sure we add vcr to use vcr as an level os .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that returns a decorator that applies the specified function .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze the setuptools binary .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class instance getcrypter from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  given a task ids .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a single object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a rule to a valid policy .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  return the packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the current version of the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  a decorator which checks whether an interface is a tuple of .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a link .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  displays a list of existing values .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order homogeneous differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 polynomial variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  initialize livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  return successful server status .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the current numeric selections .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  cache the diff of the current subnet group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a wrapper around numpy array that i supports nan nan .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  return the language code for the language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  add a set of entries to a tree .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the standard error library to a checking object .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the list of resources for a key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the llvm llvm context .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing the hmac-sha1 of v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  given a dictionary of dicts .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates a certain tenants quota quota cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns files that reads an image profile image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the login class of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if so its response has an functools .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled pattern using a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return path if exe .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal method .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the description of a new-style user .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the keyboard button to in-memory entity .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check whether translation is not using import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  this should be called by the atomic service .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  write the objects in the given module using the specified content .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  computes decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  indicate a test warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns files to export .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  all compute compute services for which the given host is compute .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply the data in a different range to the given data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  any partitions for tests .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the sum of an expression along given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  render a widget widget on the admin site .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a file size in byte to human readable form .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  return a list of available volume names .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  multiply two polynomials .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this method checks if the words has been configured with a default words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  return unicode representation of the unicode value .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update a low-level session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of service that are layers on the system cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a linear regression for the given guid .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  update the dict in the nested dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve cohort cohorts query for the specified course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  computes the weighted mean of the gamma function .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use with the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  returns a list of media files that correspond to resource on the provided document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper using a stc .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test no directory using local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the given stream using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string apart into a set of keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group from a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  like dkl2rgb but returns a valies that describes the resolve .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  encode the message to stderr .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  creates the root node for the given request .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance title title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two entries into a directory where on two entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  create a unique file name that includes includes a unique file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  returns a multidict kludge where the first game value is a nameid .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get a qliteral class for a given frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  yaml: warn which has been moved into the iers string .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  convenience function to find all the details for a connection .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options :returns: a options object .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the path to the directory of a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate gradients by a positive integer in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  results of a function with a given point value .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the usps' sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native native set to the python structure .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  extracts the default ddir file for the filesystem .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return path to the file in a given path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a specific interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a given task as being deleted .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  create new terminal .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  remove the closing from a text file .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write a commented file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of values in iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write bound tweets to csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  create a quota allocated or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  signal that start with a given model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write the current checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  extends the sequence of sequences by inserting all strings in a list of strings .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  construct the requisite range at the given vector point .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test returns bug bug .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists a qos to tenant association .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  retrieve a list of resources for all resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test plugin as social .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  method to generate a method on a callable .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute labels between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  used to convert dict to dict .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new instance for the given cluster and create if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  indent a new expression with alert func .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a raid cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  return the current client random file .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a boolean value time b where the first value a and b are the .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a shell command in the given shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  a generator of pairs .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns a dict of source details that should be used with the given source .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the indentation levels .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return whether a character that describes == tgrep2 .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run an entry with discovery cache .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert : elements of a tensor parameters x : array_like .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  escape & .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  parse a linodes expression into an expression of information .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  delete an item as a post .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam -> sample files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  translates the function line of the get the format to be used for the plugin text .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test sensitivity and function that decides whether an ignored is different from the number of times .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta function with gradient .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  list common quick that should be supported in this extension absolute path notation .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept intercept for host:port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a file name .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  computes the length of the variable length .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the given project and install the global image .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates that value is a valid dictionary .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a newly newly checking if a newly newly path is given .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a uint for a given value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video chroma .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project with translation .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the matching patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes the encoded preferred preferred preferred locale .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates by enrolling the self-generated of a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test activate a shell with correct scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  call the axises returned by semantic a text with a pyglet .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns the base directory where you should use for a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  override sphinx version of sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap raw support with aws attached .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute the binary classification of the gamma function given a vector .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  check whether or not an fulfills version is currently fulfills version for a package with the passed version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set mkdir to use a directory on windows .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure a given value exists .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the deletion from the given location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration and update it .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  return the interquartile indices of the cyclic .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the kinetic logarithm of a pooling function .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  returns the module for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that yields the default app for a given application .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get the section that a section a section from the section location .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  return true if obj is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method updates the device as currently being used as a json .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  returns a list off any translations in memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create rpc for use with the images .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key id from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns top five function of the top k treatments .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  parses a process that was added; by a process name .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data from the environment .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run a command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  allow backslashes to be escaped for elasticsearch .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given a backup .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for logfile .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  invoke a l{deferred} if the reactor passed in using the reactor timeout .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple of data from a json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a negative worker that contains a reboot .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: list such that the os node is available .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns the primary key for a individual .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  decorator: setup for the specified templates in the models .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  computes the maximum mean of an array at most given location .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check whether all of that have been published on editing courses courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse hankel transform of f(s) over the fundamental transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  check if unicode string is unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main css of the css css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a lower brightness units to its ckan links .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color for the specified palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return the appropriate ico instance .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save the given plugin and save it to the restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  list available modules that have been available via a specific plugin .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value value is less than the argument .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the first colx encoded colx .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a w2p temporary file name that implement the given class .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an require of text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the post-install password .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  a decorator to mark a function to be called .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data for a given size and train the vocabulary .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  converts binary file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a single graphs from a graph as a list of edges .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  convert a number field to a string .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  normalize a sympy expression .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a pmap field from a switch object for use with qimage .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  print the wsgi environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  return the number of text between a single space .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a stream_encode_multipart .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  return the nth archive file .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates the number of effective percentage for each percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query to build the list of classes .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the result of a range of result .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  performs a mock check on the specified filesystem .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the given applescript .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a current current plot from the given data .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip test if svd is not a test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an base64-encoded public key from a given key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for the given exc_info .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random cloud instance of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised by the parameter is proxied .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  return a list of all form test modules .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  concatenate a dotted class by its dotted name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume info - designed to find the guid driver driver based on the distutils volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns the object holding the constant string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with a value should give a value for error .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a list of node details for the given scheduling .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  load the install metadata for a linked package in a prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate tax number against an error if the number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph with a cycle .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path of the directory that contains the given path .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a string identifying the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the email group has scaling instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  returns true if the object is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  the accordance hash function .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a string for x**n a computing terms of n .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding python value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title containing a string into a list of title numbers and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a propositional logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create a directory and check if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  open an action to the given parent of a certain action .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list with the names of the collections .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if a csv row is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  create a hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the value of a token from the corresponding header token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on root handlers by root into the temporary logger .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  convert a list of key to a list of dicts .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  read in the data from an item cache path using astropy server-side .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check whether the given package is valid .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  return the lock from the lock as a dict .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  returns the latest flexget version of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  delete an object from a filesystem or a specific object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application identity to a binary app and a letter .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically import a class by name .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a thread and write the result in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use within a given project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  view function which handles json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert val to its string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that a specific dotted is present .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert an ordinal string to a number of characters .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  provided report about the requested sample .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether translation is a log translations .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  schedules worker with the tests to always have a previously installed state .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  return a sql mirror or text from the volume name .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  compare two arrays of datapoints .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a list of map to a list of tasks .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  returns not offset for a character .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the xblock specified keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns an iterator over all names of a given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg dmg in the makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref for vbd .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the format of the format that match the given format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message from a given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids objects .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  constant-time -> int rounds string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill a pid seems to the given pid using the given signal .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a optional .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a jid is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a then copy of a cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  convert patched steps to patched steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has the unrendered field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  register a function and returns a msgspec .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  place whether the given value is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  adapted from a web server .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  generates a random string of random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the slice of an object given an object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to the provided url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  simple partitioning algorithm that returns a batch of words .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain name for a url .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  converts a list of classpath to a tree of __main__ url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available files found in the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the very error for bug outside .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  open a suitable log to start .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to move from the oauth account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get a list of all namespaces from the function xpath .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert a numpy array of globs into a numpy column .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  fast filter based on magnitude .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  computes the linear bit along the given axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given input from the remote assemble .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  return a link to the base base url .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a source object .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

