test:  reorder a list of order classes according to a given class .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses the combined combined from the current set of fields and removes the supplied endpoint .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  call   attempts
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from existing dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add theming locales to the queue .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  given a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   try
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path to a fully qualified path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  open a file with the specified name and return it as a unicode string .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   master
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   python
truth:  open   a

test:  remove a users policy .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and write a triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  capture a screenshot definition to a step that must have written .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program and return each program in the vcs output .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  generate   tool
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be entrance for entrance exam .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this fixture to test the default celery of test suite .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for a method to be used .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date formatted as a string using a known date format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  return   date
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to a given id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  returns a generator of saturation of all nodes in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change process and initgroups for a given user .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  find   null
truth:  process   process

test:  read a master and populates the current failure .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  given   call
truth:  set   a

test:  escape non-ascii characters in a bytestring .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  determine the white of a 1d vector .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   covariance

test:  returns true/false if the given value contains a given value in the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices of a tree in a tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  when a session is created .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix some lines with a cached string .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a package name into a string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run a container using its errors .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return an absolute url based on its path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert request exception in post data to nonce type: .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  dont start slice of time timeslice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  file   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split estimator on estimator and y grouping grouping .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   search
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a number of perticular items on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  reverse the object ordering of a tuple of arrays .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the average precision of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around sparsevariable .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a matching or patterns or regular expression pattern .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  converts   build
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  null   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start watching .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   check
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the div[@id] from the markov tuple .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  gets an integration manager by name .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value for the current request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   default
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  implement a single event .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   helper
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a network version is available .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers for haproxy backend haproxy haproxy backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  recursively extracts files and data from a list of filenames .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  polygon   null
truth:  go   null

test:  return an md5 hash of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a linear equations a rational function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs a given spatial_ref_sys {% if %} tag is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  registers a user from request or unusable password .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  using   password
truth:  null   login

test:  compute content of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the hadoop matrix x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  up the keyboard button for volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  join a list of order a tgrep2 action into a lambda function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  test to hit options for a resource .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  norm -> iterator return the norm of an array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  merge two dictionaries of inheritance as :task:ids: in-place .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  transform   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed as the destination for the given key and the value .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  call   changes
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of characters into a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  file   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  from a shutdown thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  establish   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the fully qualified name of a single version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  null   version
truth:  returns   version

test:  get class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay : int number of seconds before the system will be shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sorts prio but one prefix to another .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-creator scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup translation data for all sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   sample
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a sql password from a string .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path from the pack action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  admin view that instantiates an api when the api input and returns an empty string .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   api

test:  download a width .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  backup   uses
truth:  run   run

test:  set the tagged tagged .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  header   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a storage storage path for the given parent path .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault in couchdb .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   key
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve the bridge from the proxied device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that object is a certain type of the items of a list .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert native object into a python object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   ssl
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  compute the dominating set of nodes in g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects supported by mapreduce and sizes .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url for the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a single machine on the managed server .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  changes the master path to the master root directory and still send a node to the given student .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  extract   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  sets an fashion for the zfs display .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  set   x

test:  given a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  parses   seq
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the value of a nobs in a field .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  formats a list of fragments for a given family .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  file   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take a mock list of files and add the same list to the hadoop w/ a mock output script .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_one_param
truth:  expected   null

test:  constructs a form class for a model class from a specific query string .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  null   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a file path to a folder by a folder name .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all volumes .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if a string is equal to or ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a two-coloring two-coloring of functions which results can be placed by 48 .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  takes a list of python objects and returns a dictionary of policy objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  output   function
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  make a kanbanboard method for a scalar scalar .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  mock   argument
truth:  replace   a

test:  provides the path of given config paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  simple wrapper for quickly helper method to return the account account .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a call to standard configuration .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  log   function
truth:  null   method

test:  return the user for a given email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   return
truth:  look   up

test:  shortcut to load only valid qualifier qualifier .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  get   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a legend for a particular document .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  shows   show
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of modules for template .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads an object from a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update a metadef or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display the structure for the contents of a given index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   function
truth:  display   display

test:  sets the number of sqlite in the session .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  prevent   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  breaks a list of distance for each dag .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an error message for a handler .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag for windows .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the data for a container .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  return   function
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  strict all the dependencies of a target parameter .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that all collection ids in the collection private ids are present in the collection provided collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed quotes is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the task info of a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  command   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp string to a timestamp object .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a graph of the node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  -   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  equation for a point value .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a json representation of friendly .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default implementation of the configuration .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  fixture   list
truth:  override   override

test:  wrapper to build a validator method for a given server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstalling package with console_scripts that is easy_installed .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  null   uninstalling
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple function for very simple patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are expressed and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  yields   sort
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages in the path jail cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return file descriptor .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pillar
truth:  sync   sync

test:  call safely wrap the given traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize the users by their referrer and their referrer .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns an objects id for a object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  tag   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  factory that returns a string value of a given type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   parameters

test:  check if a database exists for the given user .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  function   create
truth:  to   null

test:  ipexec validate command line import .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix to ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the currently active language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  open devices .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  pairs   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a method at a class .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  get host or a specific network device .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live screenshot to determine if the build has been set .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with markers surrounding the resulting palette .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   quote
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle a string .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  function   tokens
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value of a given variable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  return   value
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches python list for a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  is   tuple
truth:  searches   python

test:  show details about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  set the currently-implemented dimensional .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  remove   benchmark
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to decide if the given line contains arithmetic arithmetic .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a value using json and returns a unicode string .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  build a show list from a show scene .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for the function to be either for event or for the function to finish .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  take a list of xmodule urls and return a javascript javascript file with contents of the javascript javascript for each pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends a email to your email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns all host templates for a given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager to manage a given output groups .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl for a specific network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   data
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the name of the value .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  tag   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the translated revision revision in a fix revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  create   search
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate admission facts dict to snipmate names which are not yet been registered in facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   computation
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use list of 1 containing pylint 1 .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   program
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly generated an element in the tree .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed versions as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return iterator of two node f(x) of a field .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert date_time name of the moments to numeric monomial order .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses a content-type like urllib2 .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  build   message
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  checks if the given user is a valid for the given content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a url has an usertypes .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   quotes
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto-register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  handle updates updates in a active calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  null   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  return an equation for one path .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  find   return
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information about a group cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the os vector wrapped by the given document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files or directories from the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert binary array to binary string .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an md5 hash from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  update a template by name and update modules .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a callback to a bug file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  parse   a

test:  write a string to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  print   print

test:  modules home page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to get a image name from image data buffer .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the average at a in time between coordinate skew and 't' .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a list of rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   get
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   scores
truth:  list   site

test:  default for zen editor editor editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  -   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  return value .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for the message .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   admin
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a single bytestring path into a list of six .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  performs a single image of a numpy image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to decoded decoded lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request since response has been seeded .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes for a unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse stack type to a corresponding type for a corresponding type .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  support   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  a custom style list of tuples for a given python object .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that passing a censure image of an array of color values .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  standardized value for desired label .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact obj is a blank .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the scores from a given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   sample
truth:  return   a

test:  used to reload django changes to .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  select   push
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a container exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just test of the -a method .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively get all python data from global directories .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value for a specific location .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load buffer from buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute node statistics for a given action .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  view   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  downloads all html/css/xml info from a movie file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   a
truth:  run   a

test:  scan the given function for subarray and subarray .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  executes   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  sets the for the current thread .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all nodes that will restart a cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  applies a sysadmin .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  a decorator that ignores a function to run a transaction .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  reconstruct   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return false if any minifier in seq .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the permissions on the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   instance
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user has admin access .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time string from iso 8601 format into utc date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator of consecutive shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can steps if steps has undefined .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a dict matching a collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a version string into a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  gaussian approximation to compute the interfaces of *x* .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  view all pending views explicitly postpay .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  display   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host string to hex form .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full output code corresponding to cmd .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a wrapper around deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  list the virtual machines table cli example: .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  set up a new command for the given project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  safely configure config to update a clean state of commands .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  configures   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the distance between a segment and the current findtexmf .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a package name to a package name .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  update file with the specified name and put the file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  file   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass dependencies for system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  order   get
truth:  list   list

test:  handle the result of a user input file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a template path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a binary digest for the given secret using the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  helper function to format otu otu map includes includes one .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  list   list

test:  editing editing page .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  is   null

test:  returns all files in a file located in a given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path given its path and a dotted path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  null   version

test:  add a capability using dism args: capability : the capability capability to install a capability capability capability : the capability to be performed : the path to the capability restart
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  return   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check to see if an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all python files to keep a list of python files to join on .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   create
truth:  search   search

test:  install or create a function with one reactor reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  ssh   install
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get a json representation of the item which are not alphanumeric to access the read more than one of the given course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  used   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the argument is casava enough or not .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage of given path as a dictionary .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of refs that can be used by the provider command .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec config object for a template specified by supplied protocol .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : string convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  perform a makepatch patch ordered by corresponding os implementation .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  for each shared variables in a dense filename .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  function   verifies
truth:  solves   null

test:  get the number of bytes required to hold a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that provides a sessionmanager registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return an iterator over all objs and selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test if we are able to connect to a tensor with a new shape .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map all the check we dont have a logged in an api .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  retrieves   download
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the contents of the source file for a given directory .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign @todo: type to our aug .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  null   time
truth:  create   lhs

test:  multiply the source gate of a sparse graph .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve all the figures sizes of a feature quota .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flow   flow

test:  search for a given file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a valid context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a wrapper around annotation .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  reshapes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  split a dataset into a dataset and return it as it :arg collection it scans .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   context
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of strings .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet sensor .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   docstring
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator transform .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- -- gets the wordoftheday command .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   module
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rankvals test for predictions: .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  tie   correction

test:  return the status of a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   node
truth:  returns   status

test:  call the user with each request .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   handle
truth:  input   input

test:  convert a path to its canonical .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to instantiate an identity setting .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the minimum resource index of all node pairs .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat the timer and call odoo .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  synthesize   use
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a couple postorder order .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  source   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two dont dont use equal to dont dont allow precision .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state for a box .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  force   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to dictionary on dictionary using the specified function .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   dictionary
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience function for getting a single string representation of a given keywords object .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  function   url
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a results of ne fields to a csv .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  displays the display of the block for a list of things .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  check that a group auth is a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns sample sample data for mf .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   returns
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap class .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  build   solexa
truth:  parses   a

test:  extract input image from the glance image type .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  load   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if the settings are met .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform the function by gamma value of gamma functions .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  view   weights
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a new plot .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  like   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches all 'osf subscriptions for the user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn a contained stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  yield configuration files .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name to which a user belongs to .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for unique indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill a set of all available jobs cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  dummy view for adding request body to an empty string .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  a method to wait until a module is loaded .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns continuation .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  used   method
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the cpu has the given cpu info .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  allow complement of training loss to traffic .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only works on systemd systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   set
truth:  work   work

test:  check whether an instance is under a statement module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a resource structure as a dict .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed row from grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings and other them from memcache .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates a new xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   call
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named ip is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a deferred which fires with the given sqlalchemy dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  given a stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms a cinder exception thrown by the lookup function to be log .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch arguments .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  renders the template for the given template_name and returns a [key .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns an authed proxy settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash for a file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize the input stream and the column .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection type for a collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height width that will produce n x width .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the zero loss for two random samples .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths to a path .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  will return the right values of something that can be used with the given string .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  remove   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a function that returns a geometry .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to interpret a country from db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  save an application token to an existing blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  return   in
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of all names in segment_info format .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a author: response for a http api response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a text block for a text .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role against a role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate a generator yielding a sequence of four four strings .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   variables
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a buffer pattern in a buffer for the issue of text .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  given   append
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a floating point number .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   a

test:  load saved playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  save   convert
truth:  open   playlists

test:  gets appropriate resource of the input resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   key
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the custom log files .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  append   custom
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns a terminal that connects to .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  append   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a action function in order to the state functions cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the list of bug projects by the given bugs .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  output   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a overall overall of a given time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a into a long integer .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  wrapper for calling license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote the argument so that it can be passed to a single argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application by name .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks the given command and returns a standard simple api object .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  convert the transparent row and returns a resource object .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for a metaclass .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the module .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  null   style

test:  generate external id for a product of .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the current process in our program .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for common factors in a variable .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to a custom oauth2 authentication .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  converts   downloads
truth:  if   null

test:  differentiate the sympy product of a tensor product of two univariate matrices .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a name of docker-compose file cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a list of command line arguments .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find a directory where each path is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  locate   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  importer tests listed in pillar pillar after each galaxy .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  preserve   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a matplotlib folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   a

test:  alternative implementation of likelihood estimator for obtaining correction test for one of the selection functions .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  apply the versioned versioned type for a topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the nearest sum of previous space has inside inside inside the nearest autocovariance .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a list of slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  replace   data
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove a file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  create   create

test:  verify that a sequence of data and all its parameters data : str data to be converted to a dictionary .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide max norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over a corpus corpus .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume by uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach an event notification to an event object .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   analytics
truth:  register   register

test:  list configured users cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return an absolute url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of the fully qualified line .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a convenience wrapper around calling a function .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a string to numeric types .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps exception information .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute a linux distribution .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   search
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  workaround for standardized t .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   response
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to refer deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the reactor to a course thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all dependencies from an object .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   node
truth:  context   context

test:  an implementation of enum indices .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  read in a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - could be used for adding/editing by skill - used for differential permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes whitespace in a string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the wavefunction r_{nl} of the standard error .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return correct path to installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  lists   start
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb db type or update db type in db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert bruno partitions to integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a given tool can be a dependency based on its object .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  shows a cib-file as a new pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  prints   post
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  instantiate a template with context as context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test if indices is acceptable .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the global configuration options for this project .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if a device already exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for a release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  read blobs from database type .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  function   entities
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the configuration tag for a service .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  create the active controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to indicate that our method is deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  null   pick
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via python interface .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  control   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all group types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a vector to a projection operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create an in-memory in-memory submission .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given matcher target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch an s3 s3 by request_id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a system of equations using the m_{alpha}(z))[x] algorithm .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up values to generate tab-completion constraint when we are using some constraint constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  webutil -> dict return a hex dict .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  does necessary setup to remote remote output when it gets called .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return none instead of a matrix .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to mark a method as a serialized serialized .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the input input from a stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip all files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  strip   a

test:  test that l{errormessage<pyamf works from a string of a bug .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  turns a implicitly object into a javascript file .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the windows statement is a ctypes console in the windows .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  converts   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   list
truth:  run   run

test:  convert absolute path to absolute path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns the category of the xblocks category for a particular xblock .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique alton for the given template and version .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   commands

test:  filter an object to be a row of json instances .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  uses   dictionary
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple function to echo a text of text through a parent object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to a attribute .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns all extract flags .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  get   return
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close all pending components .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of available auth codes .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object to the object returns: bool: true if object aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  fetch remote dn and evaluate css_selector dn only supports other functions .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to set a result of a method .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  inspect docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  given a list of source files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  end to the package given as callable .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  load a index object from a string or stream and return a boolean .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the gp_generation count gets incremented when the fixed parameters url exists .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  retrieve all available authentication config .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path of a protocol buffer .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified on the last timestamp on the master .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  copy given descriptor from descriptor to *choices* .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   verifies
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  time   inverse
truth:  see   null

test:  uniform -> str hex-encodes a given value .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n contains selfridge edges .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   lucas

test:  checks if the current desktop is a valid gtk desktop gtk .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url string .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the magnetic magnetic of a field or apikey .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator that require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  search for a file on the master .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  given a url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  password   url
truth:  url   url

test:  parse command line and send a document .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can get all the given user or page has all the page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  return   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the sorted line number of a envisalink .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   set
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration can play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add surrounding features to template features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that the in-db path cannot be marked as a valid directory .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  for program .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float float .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a port as a port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the configuration issue .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a dask file from a 'visual' path .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  detects if contents is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if a segment is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates an ssh key for logging by mimetype .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list contents of a namespace type by a given namespace type .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   return
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a filter to represent a user from a user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  interprets   people
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address from deserialize data into a response .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a file-like object for a file filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator for caching a function taking a function that ensures that we can use of properties .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates average for accents given mode .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly use / as a string .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  change   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  list ostypes items .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that a credible is a valid object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the additional loop for a loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  issues a power-cycle power of the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  password   a
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first parsed usage of each function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  to   lx
truth:  given   a

test:  simple version of shutil .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial division of f and return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an integer corresponding to the given argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  attach bare returned by the api .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   response

test:  test reader .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  use this function to retrieve the output info that was previously resolved .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps time difference between sound and other sound .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the contents of the buckets file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the index for the index .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a new recognized structure for the given system .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge one or more items to new dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove script from a task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  file   files
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  multiply   dict
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of an xml tree .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read a 32-bit file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  construct   data
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts that emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary cross entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   binary

test:  ansible ansible of convolution .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  takes   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  code   code

test:  a context manager that is added to crypto .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a worksheet cell reference to a string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the named location to the current machine .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   git
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole dipole to be a single distance matrix .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  null   null

test:  test script script .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  used by a field with the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a tuple of unity and value .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string representing the given number of nsn pattern .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   view
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string to a numpy array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm host cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a staff field for a site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle schema .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  called from called to support .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  executes   up
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a new packed summary of an alternate summary .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  like   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the univariate univariate of the series exp of the series in r .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  if the python shell is ipython .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  task time stop stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   check
truth:  stop   stop

test:  figure out what items are contained in the user .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  display   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to color space .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  string   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given http request using the given key and return the given key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the service account for the given name .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   service

test:  checks if user can edit the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a string representing the binary passing for a given year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  return   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test when a regressions is provided .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  return the content of a resource .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a token token in a token token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  softmax stable stable stable implementation of a tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a new dictionary with all elements prefixed by their type .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  normalize   product
truth:  does   null

test:  given two or more dictionaries .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file into a configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a class object that maybe a meth .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   django
truth:  return   method

test:  mean squared value of an array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   x

test:  local subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  enhance   null
truth:  return   image

test:  return readonly indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a count .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  predicate predicate for detect whether *val* is leap year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest from all python source files .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   null
truth:  update   update

test:  a factory that returns the inlines value .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  joins   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the default group of the user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if 2 is a power of 2 integers .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  drop information about database info .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  list   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a datetime is in a renewal renewal window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the set of mnist mnist mnist filesize .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the clique bipartite graph for all node nodes and monitor nodes .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  like   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the n-th coefficient of the nth function .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return s as string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive rectpolygon attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  default   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   masquerade
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content as a text file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  unpack   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document that potentially have a dotted fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  does   compute
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a dictionary of option names .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  ion ion .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  change   waits
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address string into an int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  validate   hsl
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test that we want to or .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the subject parameters from a subjects subject string .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  create a single chain of multiple mine from a chain .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get and return fields from a float .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes content and create them .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculate the knn function used by direction and weights .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  issues a system inactive .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the application .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  null   code
truth:  parse   parse

test:  preserve a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt a user to prompt the user .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   prompt
truth:  based   null

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a list of coefficients in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random convolution product of n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  function   read
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem der der and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the storage name for the current metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   user
truth:  change   change

test:  execute command and return the output of the command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   +

test:  check a assets .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string made on the system .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a url to a protocol url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  given   null

test:  writes the log file at the given log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  print   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print an error message for given item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  null   show
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   time
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  for each term in f and return the values for the term with the following .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a list of codons for a given codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  private helper for multinomial .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  multivariate   sample
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of given doctype .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller for gps type .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  waits for cinder with an arbitrary timeout with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read email file .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  send message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sends   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if zc is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates all opener formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create a pipeline from multiple every pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  loads   current
truth:  if   null

test:  read the tag from the gcode file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  render the line source code source within the beginning of xblock content at the beginning of the line pack pack length .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects request and returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirect   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name and returns the class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the ssh_interface type to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns only the read attributes of the block blocks .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dummy implementation of nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket for a domain .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  submit an recaptcha challenge to the response for a given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  post   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  set a parameter param and set it in param .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given an ip and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  enumerates   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  reads all notes in an notes document and return the pem dict with the notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  get   date
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level types defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which will cause a thread to be returned .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert from a group to html .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  given   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   data
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input input as a 64-bit input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a background header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  running   background

test:  view tool groups of a user groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  marks   runs
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the current version for a given version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group a stream by one of several object .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  if   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove all courses in the course from the course structure as a dict .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns a link to the given url in the following fields .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   package
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given object .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  get the actual virtual site .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  make   command
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  retrieve docker client config from the cluster by the cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parse the host from a dotted host or container name .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  return the email address for a invalid email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  verify that a certificate is expiry .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  verify   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup inputbox title to popup by side declaration_list and return the popup .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  return all grains for a given python path .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   search
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host for a host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score values from the courseware .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple test for a server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over items of a mapping yielding keys and values of items and values without dropping any from the mapping keys .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator that skips a test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the _clear_dict and remove the results of the logging method .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  modified   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating a single file from a cache file .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes a file with the contents of the given path .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   parameters
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin with the runner function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  implement :nth-last-child() for a given number of dimensions .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common common paths in a set of paths and creates a set of paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a virtual machine template name .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pre-trained segment segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   segments

test:  convert a name to a valid name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if spot contains spot requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  build markdown home assistant string .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current schema setting of the current user .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the form names and default values of a functions that are on the current function names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for add/del functions to construct a callback function from a specific process .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  null   view
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static index for static page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule plus rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate cuthill ordering of graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  run   run

test:  list the raid devices cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  execute a csr in a csr .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax expansion of the given type .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a bytestring to a native string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  once version of git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   contents
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  entry point for the application which accepts the mib2 object .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  checks user to make sure each console has a deprecated spelling .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  create   task
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative gaussian kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  give user authentication using a staff of browser on the browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  logout   logout

test:  bind a system to its enabled .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  like mbps .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error handler for iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  get the views that corresponds to the given user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the object is an abstract enough .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test cloning a git repository with two "names" patterns .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  backend   backend

test:  blocks a client and credentials credentials .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  token   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the maximal edge set in the graph .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   edge
truth:  return   minimum

test:  turn string into a list of indices .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator of the elements of a app_name .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  takes   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given certificate matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote -> ~/abc def .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build and return a string to a package .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes the lambda function with notation tokens .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  left   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that digits with digits with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the number of marks marks in our way .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  given a scalainferreddepssources .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create user and created user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies fasta scores for equivalency selection selection .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parse an accept header into accept acceptable .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  accept   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the default setting to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of sequences .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  unpack   aws
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row of feature to a string .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks if a tree behaves a tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  view   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  check a route table from a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  given   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  try to get a direct environment from memcache .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  get   a

test:  list rabbitmq virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  return   a

test:  if the state of a container .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  nest all requirements changed .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   context
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new metrics and save values .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  null   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  status of a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows the default migration protocol .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  configure   settings
truth:  executes   null

test:  verify that the given package names are valid .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs range works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads a batch from a batch of memory .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  construct   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string and return a python object .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database list of tuples .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest artifacts for each account .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a task to use a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  declaring   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  combine powers so that it is wrapped in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an instance of the space2depth helper method .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if a string is available or not .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new api connection .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary for the support for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  do   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print lower values to lower case .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  print   print

test:  push a default history type to the type .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   callback
truth:  updates   updates

test:  dummy implementation of init .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  make   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the boolean should not choke on other columns of columns .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the string for an xfs document .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  uninstall   minimum
truth:  null   null

test:  check if all active features are enabled for a user .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a numpy array into a keras tensor .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at which the system will reboot a time at days time at which to reboot the system time time at which can be reboot the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  returns an representin handler for incoming incoming url .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  list available postgresql tables cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return a search for python path .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if arg is a valid node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   copy
truth:  add   collar

test:  physicists newtons | deb .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential correlation model correlation coefficient .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return information about a vm vm : string vm to be reprovisioned type of vm cli example: salt myminion pagerduty : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  return   snapshot
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the cached pathspec on the linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  split   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set containing a set of tuples .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a commit request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a list of results .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  unpack   sort
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the closest matches from a given monocular .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   string
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view function for getting user messages .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  function   list
truth:  context   context

test:  return true if folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for nt .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run custom patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patches   default
truth:  run   a

test:  test that all pending mail can be present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  pull account from remote account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  send   email
truth:  be   null

test:  work out an existing certificate in persisting .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the release representation of the section or subsection that sets the xblocks release date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that a block password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  from a path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  given   read
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see statsmodels .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  transform   fft
truth:  model   model

test:  test for word word .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages to the latest possible version with opkg refresh the name of the package to change to true if successful .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close all current users .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that the redirect to redirect to .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all elements of a sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return the hash for a given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  check   set
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the bounded bounded by the points of a dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  count   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  create a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of user fields that contain a elgamal yet fields for bound to the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  like   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  complex sum algorithm for multivariate gaussian .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   gaussian
truth:  generates   a

test:  emits certificate in a certificate in a certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   in
truth:  list   list

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  split a large string according to the same document as possible .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a string representation of a row string .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a blob from a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  to   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  centers x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set cohort for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  null   request
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  commit fault manager .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  run   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract an messages from a list of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv file by detect and return its names .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the default version of an hexadecimal version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that a non-existing by errors with errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   group
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test signals with the right link .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a string of json .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points by the matrix .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  scale   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert a voxel into a human readable format .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  test   source
truth:  make   a

test:  load a hold channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the parent directory exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new k1 with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get geometry geometry by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return current form for sharing or container data .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   current

test:  loop that saving stdin tags .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary axis .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  turn   axes
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the users info of the desired user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource get the unit circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar option .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  tests   range
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string into a time .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  a few indices in a block .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  s3 server-side encryption hash to return add-on of the string passed .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  doing   hex
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to protect exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  retrieve   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish it .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the locales that are available .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  given   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test to make sure we can run commands .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific cover tilt tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   move

test:  check a value for 401 401 given an unlikely font value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write summary header info header file .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   processing
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples containing all entries below the given collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  map   null
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   target
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all entries of a reorder entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around template .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a desired url exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  drop func for immutable .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the mnist data .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of a graph g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update the vote with the given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   handle
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking if user has access to the role .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given shell .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns netmask mask of netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  mask   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  opens a file from admin folder and return its id .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the directory to store the given file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given the reference reference implementation of the reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   convenience
truth:  given   a

test:  list all available cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if a library library version of specific library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  split the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the input kind .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  model   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   script

test:  detects if a string is a valid python version .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  issue ip provides a module .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  write   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to 100 special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case because it is the < 1 .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a column of np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  given the log pdf .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  align   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the given expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  list of users subscriptions .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  extract a time from a raw raw time .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   case
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the specified number is a number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  pass in the grains directory tree and set it to another location .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  output   loader
truth:  returns   a

test:  for the url passed to the url for the url instance .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  multiply two interpolation of a single vector .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  for database response types .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  match   version
truth:  add   add

test:  queries the stl case of all existing stl .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  called   priority
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression expression expression | expression times expression | expression expression expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  convenience function that wraps a target url to add arguments to a standard playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check if a value contains a extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorates a function or function for a complete job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in order that are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  password   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  take a type of a method and a cfunc implementation .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if expected and option are present .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrix shift by the elements of the elements in the traceback .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add an type-access- cluster to an ec2 volume table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   duplicate
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status for customer since the file .
truth: set status . 
test:  registered   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get current network interface from context .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  saves a new development to a file .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen create a function docstring with a different docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  create   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  attempt to discover the kubemaster matrix of a numpy array .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   path
truth:  insert   identity

test:  this function does a list of files in a directory tree .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  make   start
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an wsgi authentication module .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get a context from a the context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   a

test:  reshapes a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  function   null
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list field_seq field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a tree tree from the provided tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a list of disk devices .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a spelling object from each segments in commit .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   cc98
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated & check the class from a class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a charset to the enriched iso 8601 .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   character

test:  called when the editor is about .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  close   null
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to set the classes of a class to all classes to their corresponding element to a class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  list of required settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries into tuple .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display the current user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  humanized   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get the arguments from the user supplied parser .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  return   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  returns syntax .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples or a network field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute h .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   calculate
truth:  compute   h

test:  debug function for adding a direct power-cycle to the given date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  null   string
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode json requeststate .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  template   null
truth:  get   get

test:  hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  batch   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the next segment .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   header
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the cifar-100 dataset into a given directory .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return true if the python module is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   os
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing a table from occuring table with stratified .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   mgz
truth:  test   test

test:  remove a dedent that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump over network interfaces into a list of themselves .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  compute   networks
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns a job with the given permission and stores the data .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of nodes that are unique .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the there is in the there of the there .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return data for fetch art for use in the albuminfo .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  return   albuminfo
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convenience function for creating a vector which can be converted to a numpy array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send inbound inbound through router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the dictionary containing the longest values of an element .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the disk disk disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a copy of the session config object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  polynomials   bound
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  drop   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the latest version of the snapshot .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  saves   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  launch the edx a user with the specified edx edx edx edx .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme; scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  now wrapper around timeit function calls timeit .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   timeit

test:  separate two tuples of tuples .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  works   null
truth:  change   change

test:  verify that the defaults state exists .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a profile list of profile objects for a user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   endpoint
truth:  returns   a

test:  true if the address is some of ipython .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given input normalization .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  batch   get
truth:  function   function

test:  checks for a remote method to received received .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return effective backend for a connected router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 if a string isnt any non-ascii characters .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   unicode
truth:  if   validate

test:  compute 2d loop using checkpoint .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   options
truth:  returns   new

test:  the content length of the content length corresponding to the state holding a new code .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   images
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  default implementation of python .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a human-readable digest of obj with sorted chunks .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date in the given format .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   items
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask on an edge mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  find   check
truth:  null   laplace

test:  parse a list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  scan   list
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a put request to the remote apps .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  processes source inputs and returns a template template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  template   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a mattermost event from a http channel .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  gets   override
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given integer number .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  format   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert a datetime object to a time naive naive datetime or naming naive datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion estimated estimated estimated estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  given a function that handles a phantomjs instance .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  simple method to convert an hexadecimal string into an array .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  takes   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  set   import
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for permission_code in an arbitrary header header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  basic logic small .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called only do a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent test cases to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set output .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a python name to a stdlib name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url of a public document .
truth: return the full . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that a given device is absent .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a 303 redirect to the given template_name code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the field of an indexed property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a form value based on error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  log executable args: log file path to the specified configuration .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detects   list
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two instances of two independent maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  create test params which need to be overwritten in params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a tag widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   a
truth:  add   a

test:  edit the document collision collision page .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  module   module
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime information about a hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   security
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration of the device cli example: .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  constructs a vim from a pcap .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  accepts a dictionary of multiplying strings and any symbol information from a symbol .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   session
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the cached response for a query response from opus .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts from rgb to hsv space on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  convert a value to a valid list of values .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all existing existing paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for the lower and its descendents .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure a gem source is removed name the name of the given ruby name the sources to add the sources to the sources user : boolean include a specific
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the esxi server configuration changes against the network .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  delete   host
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if value is a valid space .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  override   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate through all [file paths .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  file   resolves
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the code is related to the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient that checks if the user has a valid index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  for package which simply use .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  configures   return
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the expression value as a string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  converts a decorator to a method property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  store a specific jobs for a specific jid .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send a message to the purposes .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  null   script
truth:  sending   sending

test:  recursively look up all files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the task cache .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  calculate   task
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  return   gcode
truth:  get   a

test:  evaluate efficiently taylor terms of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   decorator
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the unicode representation of a msgpack path or a file or a file or a file-like object .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the reverse id for the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the theano density function for the normal cumulative distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a datastore entity from a table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the enforce options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   keystoneclient
truth:  register   register

test:  test if importable function is importable .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the first result of the first object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  join   a
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the absolute path to a finder file of the directory .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  use   return
truth:  find   find

test:  builds a binary string for a binary element .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  override   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  checks if the email address is not a list of not met .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  if   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test that a table has a column attribute .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  when a class is added .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  function   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns whether there are any of the problems in the section for the given section of the given section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function opttype opttype field_type : required ruleitem | atom | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build finished .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  given   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a generator of process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   a

test:  translate jobconf versions to a given list of jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the provided modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  compares   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  filter to filter on or try to filter beautifulsoup .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  delete   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a database to store using commands .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   filename
truth:  restores   null

test:  check that astropys a time parameter with 0 .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  test   scharr
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache for a file cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  saves   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the results of the first hsp of a property in the format that match the current hsp .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a warning css file for the given path .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  test   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate an rgb metric from a group of bokeh .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  register pelican output .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   listener
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if the given file is a valid python file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require a opkg job id .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return html tags for the url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set up & backwards compatibility at the provided directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  pack   call
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message to the given message .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  function   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object and capture them as a single object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate homepage .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all configured triggers triggers in a task name cli example: .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  filter out which user has deprecated certificates for a course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  calls   certificate
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from the state cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  host   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is in a system service or a match .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of tuples of the values of values of a list of lists .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  safely decodes a string to unicode .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create a list of categories from known_paths categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  tests that the creation of a known object can be used for the ui .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all existing tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of a graph .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  return   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily repack a single xpi xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  return   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the raid store with the given id is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run a single page .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  converts   run
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   status
truth:  get   get

test:  checks for command line arguments .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  checks   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the organization .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  display   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid by svgreader .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  notifies a phenotype for a given path and stubs out of it .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   access
truth:  access   access

test:  return the value of a configuration config item .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge one of the keys of valid keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  validate   style
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode bytes to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag and return a split_name tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns a unique key for the nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ips by timeout .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  check whether this is a bug in an os x .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  verifies   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update database exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  given   a

test:  either update or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial n in gf(p)[x]/(g) over a in gf(p)[x]/(g) .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if lun id is available on the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to an iterable .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  print   function
truth:  to   try

test:  a default context variable can be decorated function .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   context
truth:  return   a

test:  assign a color to the nexml .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  transform   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the history of the history .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest line from begin after begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a prepared .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  computes the quadratic image for evaluation .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  sanitize a timestamp into a standardized timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks whether the given path is a valid der-encoded code .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  are   command
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns package providers providers dir .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a repository has an incompatible name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  null   real
truth:  divide   null

test:  some segmentio event handler .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet binary string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   compute
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return a configured context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders a courseware for the specified key .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  create   render
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the return_to value in the cluster sanity check .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that tells the httreplay of a test to use of a simulate function to known known that allow allow creation of a specific pipeline during known tokenization
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  null   return
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score of a benchmark score .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if method is at least one of the bn .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return the default value of an axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  grab configuration options that scop options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  entry point for the tests .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  runs   runs

test:  given a file name .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a right-justified list of paths and tk .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  null   join
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filter values to an element .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  builds all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  list   list

test:  consider a constant value in a given raise .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   function
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of the respective components of a maximum of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  unpack zip file to zip directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convenience function for access to a path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  concatenate   os
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path of a resource file as a tuple of images .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit name for a given unit pattern .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list of sids test cases .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  simple ask for the ask .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  fixture   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching graph .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash character (#) * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs a wsgi services on the given service .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   application
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert a utc decimal instance to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  runstest compute source image using yule-walker helper .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   launch
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the number of angles angles as a sorted copy of the given distance .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  use   pick
truth:  order   order

test:  initializes the python implementation given a python function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  joins   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  store the item value .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  align   null
truth:  store   store

test:  train a single model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  logging   shortcut
truth:  train   a

test:  warning: all images in the home dir and adds them to the system .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  git   null
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data into a file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  file   in
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new temporary file .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the system info from a header programming .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests for setting of data .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm function for the given format value .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  format   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  for each pattern in a list of regexes .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  used   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  validate mailgun webhook webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  handler that logs out user actions .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  return the full url to a page of the given page .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the file that will take out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  does   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses the value of a configuration file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generates a sympy expression for each row of the sympy expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  expr   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  merge cookie data from a list of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get the demonstration of each keyword argument names and a constructor .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update an object can be a new object or object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  runs   git
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if config can be skip to skip tests .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  turns the legacy legacy string into a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  user has changed .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if *obj* is nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate action filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  multiply two univariate polynomials in a nice point .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  null   null
truth:  float   float

test:  returns boolean check for whether data is a table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token from the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  basic iosync given a 3d function .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the 6j wigner of the current process .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   op
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate axes with axes axes data parameters .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  return   figure
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first for n x n x n .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  find   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan a directory and all modules that match a specific regular expression .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   run
truth:  scan   scan

test:  cache everything for given tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the preferred arguments of the current environment .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  efficiently try to smali the because it isnt going to be used with the openstack-specific script .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  construct   generic
truth:  run   run

test:  return imports in the given css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  reads all the repeated lines of the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  table with normal names provided as a parameter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   read
truth:  null   null

test:  return an approximate cost of minimum cost cost .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  converts an ip address string to an integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to a period of text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  to   return
truth:  append   a

test:  find the ith value in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn requests for all svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a http-equiv template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  pick   boundaries
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of directories for the directory that match the given pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  apply migrations using supplied facts dict args: provider : host facts : facts returns: dict: the result of values for which the supplied provider facts : facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   prompt
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the global mean .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host to a given host .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   in
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --outdated --format=legacy flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a format class for the specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the app locales into a storage object .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new advanced component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert longitude to polar theta .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  null   file
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a dictionary with all values of keys stripped stripped .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a protobuf from a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   method

test:  regression test for a bug where the softmax function implementation may contain different types .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that amplitude theta .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   visit
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  confine this module to mac os with windows .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a volume based on the given string .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  define   a

test:  categorize partitions .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision id of the git revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an addressfamily method corresponding to a method of the given method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if current version is a version .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   version
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a hash of the given key keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  null   indentation
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns smooth .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the instance type for the given domain name .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector and v .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of a batches .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  normalize   text
truth:  null   a

test:  setup/teardown of optionally round up to given precision using rounding .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  normalizes   parameters
truth:  value   value

test:  send an notification email to the configured user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  given list of :ref:log_file instances .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  profiling   session
truth:  null   null

test:  iis the value of a subscription .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get files from the given store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  get   get

test:  register a configuration file for a configuration .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   register
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto-register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a no-op function .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send email backends to the configured notification driver .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  tests   create
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct an endpoint from a certificate description string .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the warning deprecation object into an object .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   execution
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the gcode for a gcode layer .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  start   get
truth:  build   a

test:  generic pidof to create a remote pidof .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  match   target
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to use for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get voronoi point points from the beginning of a loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   voronoi
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a set of reply by translatable translatable item .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  given a file descriptor .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the current page to the _current_statement if it exists .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove an imported host or host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify that an encrypted value is a valid parameters value : str value of a key .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   copy
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  input   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get a number of characters .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get all per per per per sff files .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ascii a string of bytes when packed is not already a byte string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator that instantiates a specified user .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  validate   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  take an iterable of tuples and returns a list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the time zone by a given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  null   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the xonsh base .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a temporary directory .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute mean and the results of the gradient in the given axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets the list of user partition partitions for the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the modjk entry for a key .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equations of func linear differential equations .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto a x_{2}^2 function .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  get the correct icons of the current image .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  add the value of the cms page to the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  show musicbrainz musicbrainz info for an artist object .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  supplied   product
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove either a file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the current device .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a name format string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as other places .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  reads   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a sample file to destination using destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  build the symbol variable used by the symbol to serialize the struct policy .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   bind
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location to represent a polygon .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  document   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  return true if user can view the given target or can access .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  if   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files used by the given resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  complete   user
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ping the text of this script .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  given a thought function .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf files for zigzag .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve the certificates file path of this certificate path .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an exception if iterator is not a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert working result of a category/group-name command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a number to human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal size for all tests .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a date/time string in format into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  split estimator into sparse matrix using indexing indexing .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string using the backslash .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  remove the check from the check .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   check
truth:  removes   a

test:  check if c module is a color of c color .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  writes a file to a file using the relationships module .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true iff page is valid or arch of a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default value for a given resource .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  modify any instance data from the model .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  parse   logging
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the name of a hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  subtype -> execute a method with a given error .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate setting for a specific device .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we want to reduce the reduce .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  ensures   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the current date in time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no file .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  default   tm
truth:  load   tm

test:  pretty-print a bem for one solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  to   file
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an image to a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve the attributes for a given attribute .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   information

test:  load the given event .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start the xml element .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  null   check
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  pcredz a string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return an ec2 credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   translations
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the reciprocal of the sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  removes a plugin from an http plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns an approximate spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue a warning on the given message and wait for all reporters to the given message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  warning   msg
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds and returns where nodes are selected in the given iterable .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new check for each one or more members .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a random participant of the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a description of a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the total time of the epsilon closure .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all groups visible cli example:: salt myminion boto_secgroup .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of the compile square .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  get   cluster
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the global name for the new value .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   set

test:  wraps rpc rpc .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  function   function

test:  return x: a list of numbers .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when no jobs is loaded .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  return   utc
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense list of salt_chars to a sparse format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  replace   interface
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree in a given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear a cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tab to make sure the tab can complete .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  test of runs .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   url
truth:  test   program

test:  common implementation of pairwise .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   request
truth:  executes   null

test:  implementation of the handler handler handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check and convert it to a docker socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  to   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random layout with the given layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  is   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a filtering version and a filtering .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   decorator
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a timestamp string as a time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return text name according to text string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  force   text
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that command can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validator .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   schema
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the file in the current xml .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a :class:flask wsgi chain for use with the application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  null   application
truth:  function   function

test:  find absolute path for windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  derive   ini

test:  register a dictionary of plugin calls a class with the given plugin calls the dictionary of plugin calls .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  arent arent arent by the calculation line .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  null   read
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- an aws port .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   null
truth:  value   value

test:  seed the value of a numpy array with seed equal to seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  try   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2ter section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode data as a bytestring or a python string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   data
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to make sure we can skip a versions of data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verifies that the setting scalar doesnt have the given setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  null   set
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if all values of the provided locale are changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return a node from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   one
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  given some file like random regextokenizer .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options from the command line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a gender order .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for filter:: .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test when we want to require a file at the url back .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   intervals
truth:  require   null

test:  set the system locale to use in tests .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  do   create
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a non-nan float to a time .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a hex digest of credential acl for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a instance_uuid instance for linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers are potentially upload enough headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a configuration object suitable for use with defaults .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the namespace of the given namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a full path from a router path .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  build connected report to master master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   event

test:  check if a path matches one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes a number of failures taken from a tweet .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  null   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a black descent to a batch of dictionary .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns versions of components for salt information .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex given a list of regular expression .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  format an array of socket offsets to a string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  null   data
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension instance .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a list of tuples .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a configuration file and return a configparser object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all dots of the dots and replace it with the dots .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse basis .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  calls a given state within a state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a files to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  computes   use
truth:  set   set

test:  try to simplify and convert a set of matrices to a single types of matrices .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a single string for serious providers .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the local file with local filetry contents .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper to test for debugging .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse a string like the resource and return it .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given the type name .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  get email address as a list of recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  an dont raise an exception if given isnt a string or a subclass .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  temporarily change variables which a value of callable .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a base64 image using base64 .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the filesystem .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  injects   data

test:  returns the version of the protocol .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the m3 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  test   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a cluster and populates it with the given cluster .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in a given source code .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load configuration from the specified user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  set debconf for vhost via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  flags comment form .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   social
truth:  stores   a

test:  load data from a given dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns true if the user has friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  return   error
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a base64 encoded string of input_string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  takes   handles
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as the expression function .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks that the mapping of a mapping of the tagging file to make sure that the mapping of a valid mapping are handled .
truth: gets header . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  header   header

test:  given an :class: .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  simple logging wrapper around the logging system .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a method calls a method in a global name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  modify the value of an argument by running init .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compares object objects in normal normal random objects .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  list   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a string header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquote   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds a document against a document against the given document to obtain a document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  show   configures
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class object which will be used to create a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the attachment specs for a specific attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a time .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are not log files which start with plugins of console files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of auth params for a given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  add   method
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ensure correct open is paired with correct close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  compare   correct
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create a dynamic socketfd instance .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  function   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  given an iterable of ip address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  takes   use
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a number of bytes .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  null   error
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a dictionary of parameters .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  resolve   one
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get a list of the last figure managers .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  make   read
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  generate a list of all nodes for a given list of devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within an interval .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator to perform http request support .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   shell
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a tag tag tag name .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  shows   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if namespace is not found .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  explicitly asbool an empty string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  takes   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   dict
truth:  test   test

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package to require python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  find all the tests for a given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the follow objects for a url .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data to error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  check if a cypher is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  preprocess an expression by common functions in a forced .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return which would be used for permission to addusersitepackages .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade the caches of a list field .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the clip of the blackwhite graph that represent a luminosity value of luminosity replaces the real real real real line .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments of a feature considering parse the feature line and parse the table .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for creating a validator which returns a validator value .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the number of seconds required for a given timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rewrite the given data structure as a single string .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image into the images field of an image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a summary of packages from iis .
truth: internal function . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with a list of labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reconstruct reconstruct scores that are still contained in the comment scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current subprocess command .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  retrieve an oauth url for the current user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   view
truth:  builds   null

test:  given a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does a string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a file with each line being composed of this file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   callback
truth:  read   in

test:  readd notification notification of a given program .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack to a pair of words .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper for topic bugs .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  factorize   url
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find all named tuple from the key that arent listed in this dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple checksum to convert checksum to string .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  construct   null

test:  get the list of the configured workgroup .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a 4d of two elements contained in a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of tuples into a sorted array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  simulate   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  compute completeness score and completeness labels .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  run the tests .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the open file index .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  make   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return source file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect script files and train it a directory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  null   pylint
truth:  based   demo

test:  provides an exception handler for a method or method .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show all features installed by the minion cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  start   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test the effect of the softmax algorithm .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the image dir for the given instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the product of a number .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  |append| -> str return the string representing the file s .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the split into a drive specification .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for a pattern to be gcd .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generator for simple json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates a structure of structure to read the data tree .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of default arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  null   default
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the cross product of a list of opening args: sum : int returns: boto_kinesis .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  extend port details using an entry dictionary .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on classifier and put it on classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  if   test
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given target is a valid target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distances along the given curve of a matrix .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  uses the networksegments method to encode a local key for wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  like   consecutive
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns a list of calculation and data tensors for all nodes of the given tensor .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the configured tokens cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change the currect dir for a wsgi application .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  downloads   exists
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the gradient is a block of block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for api methods that require a patch of the decorated function .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark tests for test if hg is false .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a fixture decorator .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  automatically assigns the current user has permission to access a channel .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the cli prompt is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a freesurfer_home freesurfer_home of the device in the rest of the given device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for marking that resource class as being executed in a lazy commands .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service field_type identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   post
truth:  null   service

test:  recursively collects a zip file for a given directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file to a file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  gets the user on the given user_id .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   users
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or videos from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  null   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert a unicode object to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  get barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  stubbed   uses
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user from username .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of resource for temporary files .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  null   use
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can translation translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the access token to a document .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   factory
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable option .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  serie   test

test:  import kit files .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an oauth key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all files under path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  return   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller @todo: action button to just create a record .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take a string .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  float   null
truth:  format   format

test:  reads a repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  obtain   in
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  drop   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a module name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  list   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  given a ctypes type this is a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test that you can be loaded .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  challengenes a session .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  turn   log
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  show the docs version of this release .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around c_sync to create a proxy stream .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are available .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of an transparent torification .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  test that we can ten without having to connect .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  to   git
truth:  null   null

test:  return the creation sequence of the graph that maps the given degree type to each node of the given degree .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  list   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the matrix if predicate is an index .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  index   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a tokenizer tokenizer for a list of tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a path with the given name .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  file   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a socket is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieves the localizable attributes for a given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write an expression to the locale of a project .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix by x and a callable .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  null   objects
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the log of the flags in the log file .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the date of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  return   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true iff both the same results as a function .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   gradient

test:  ensure tool contains exactly one command .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  executes   key
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  compute a diagonal matrix .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes a base64 encoded value to plain format .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  string   filter
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  takes color(s) or a color and returns a bool indicating if it is a float that can be converted to a color(s) of colors .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  color   color

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a new path to the module path .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages into a certain password .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  detects whether the specified filepath is currently installed .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g has a isolate n nodes .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process the cache of inter optimization we try to process the cache using inter .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take a snapshot of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reqs list of requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  lists   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  read contents of file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: xscale plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  when given an event handler is created .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   add
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a custom metric descriptor by name from the database .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   metric

test:  reads remote button when user has enough args: code_or_name : the keys of the keys and both the remote keys and the remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  solve temporal 1-norm of cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a point on a given font font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   a

test:  define a callback for a given class .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  filter   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup mqtt platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get joined loops sliced through shape .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  escapes a locale file for the current languages .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate the node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  behave   text
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  return a list of comments .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change a human-readable string for all active vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  structured   null

test:  parameter for backwards compatibility .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  return python interpreter in a configuration dictionary .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  generate authorization code for the api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test that expired cookies are not changed .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a trash of all detected data for a given user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: system-groovy specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery jenkins and execute it .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a uint8 array into a packed array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  packs   null

test:  q all tags of a given object verbose .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of the texture form a form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module by name and returns a dict of the extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   extension

test:  decorator to be called by the dictionary to avoid task_instance .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a property .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer port socket socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate that a list of all unique ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate depth to a tree by documents .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  find   nodes
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to create signal from the signal .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the checksum of a hex request .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  return   url
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true if the given status of the mean is changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get flavor specs for flavor specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints an error stream using given step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  transform a search or structure of parseable or called when he is found .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  splits a list into multiple sorted by type .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  create   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  miximum activation function to be a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the vdot size .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just ensure an existing library .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  look   up

test:  assign an md5 hash to the hash of a file .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise using junipers from policy .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the old configuration object for use with paste .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml provider cli example: salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate some random regression problem with the given number of points .
truth: like rand . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  gets the http code for a given http code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if the character is a no-op .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  writes message into log file using log .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers and address to use for retrieving rrd rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a file or a directory .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that returns a possible version of text strings .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  yields   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a callable to allow it to be called when using import .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  do a views by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  create   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert a chunk of translations to a javascript dict .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate trace dictionary .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  exit all assets with the current process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adapt specific libraries from a course structure .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  given   null
truth:  map   map

test:  normalizes an ascii-only string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  extract the configuration from the running pipeline .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build the routes routes for a given template cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  download   build
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the last injected of a polynomial used in a list of used by include: include: .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  lazy variant of dct .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return an instance until it is provided .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   time
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  converts the value of an integer to int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  escapes   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  open the context for the given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form form **tag name**:: errors .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the list of global messages .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from a path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   path

test:  returns the epoch of a epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator which sets a method to all special dirty changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  port   search
truth:  search   search

test:  reads a json string from the given path .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  gets the mock .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns correct percentage of positive cases .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open a permission file using the specified gzip .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   one
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  prettify is a stripped json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  indent   try
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a standard oncreate" string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n approved for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as a type .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if filename matches each of the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  takes   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the filename in an html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the cached trees of a node which contains switches of g .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  source   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   syntax
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the value of a given config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  call f .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   a

test:  we only add a user to the http requests .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  unpause   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   information
truth:  null   notification

test:  parse any optional timestamp information from a query object .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to select a static message .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  blocks   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the plus segment identifier within the segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a separation library and set the desired paths to the given search .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a specific enrollment item and returns the corresponding badge .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   badges

test:  run all assets for each webapp .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  runs   app
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only set only accepts info in python url .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets any number of blog posts and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  take the list of names and filter names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   test
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the contents of a byte structure .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  reads   iterable
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a service object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  module   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the cached state of the current thread .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  reset   move
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write flv header header info file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   alternate
truth:  writes   null

test:  private function for dft .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get gear paths by svgreader .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  compute the hyperbolic loglikelihood function for dft .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  error   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  import   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this s3 .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that a tree yields a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a new task to the optional configuration .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   volume
truth:  change   message

test:  load a cluster reactor from a cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key value from the selected database cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  fixture which checks if a user is super as set .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if guts is loaded a guts .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  pulls a form and return its content .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return a wsgi application that contains no application qt qt application classes .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value | set_type .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  get all the rules of the rule .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  extract a numeric header length from a bytearray of bytearray groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if all folders in a path .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  this state is only available in minions which support sysctl .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  null   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute singular values of *a* .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dont crash to unicode .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate from a domain .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  -   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a function .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  create a configuration object dynamically .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  abandoned baby .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   hold
truth:  null   cloud

test:  create a record from a json field .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  given   a
truth:  value   value

test:  generates a sample directory .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  to   mne
truth:  to   add

test:  create a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label a folder when a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a given help file .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status of an http status if possible .
truth: get status code . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe instances .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   artemis123
truth:  read   read

test:  moves the console lanes to the folder in the stack .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  test functionality functionality .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return unified text of a new line containing new text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  get   return
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object for a requirement .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a function for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a value to a temporary object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from a docker device .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  displays a file-like object .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases for the given plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks if path can read/update/delete any file or it .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a list of all the plugins of an object so that contain the extra class to all the plugins whose default flags .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  null   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract cookies from a users request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  null   function
truth:  request   request

test:  helper for numpy array of strings containing negative tags for sending to string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the location of a diff .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  parse   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform a list of tokens into a csv string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transform   lists
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  print a single cell containing a mismatch of a and empty live .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  content   calculate
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id delete this thread ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns all successive chunks from a set of all pairs in an iterable .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  update a draft back .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  update   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url string .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  given   a
truth:  put   a

test:  timeouts the journal to write output to a given filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  ensure   filename
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send the vehicle to a vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test to make sure an operation can be toy to a load balancer cli example: .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   crud
truth:  send   message

test:  checks that the user can view the request .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  record ownership meta-fields .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  customize   null

test:  default function for handling other distributions .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert obj to a model class .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  check   check

test:  generic method for getting parameters .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as caching kwargs .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  retrieves the ccx to which a ccx looking for a course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  iterate   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset reset cli example: .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  wsgi wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this wrapper prints a feature matrix to be a u matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to the smtp application .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  null   function
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of admin users .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find and return a list of virtual machine for the provided virtual machine .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   find
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url string .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  minimum credentials that require user .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a stk500v2 .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  waits for the element to be either world or () () .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  centers   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add complex holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   rotate
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if task is a valid filled .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  null   null
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  create a threshold sauvola image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  create   polygon
truth:  applies   null

test:  helper to create a validation that can be used as a list of dictionaries with a complex to convert the output to callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant for a role that matches the provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  indices   resource
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a single dictionary converts a single key to a single dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta string to make it usable in seconds .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps adds support for the build as environment .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  return xml tree of all rdp rdp .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected language bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a child test suite .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load an image file from disk .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  return   load
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt response for the given name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  preprocess on cluster sff .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  function   command
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  verifies that the given of value of the given expression attribute of two strings are equal .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a decorator which allows the decorated function to be called .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a client for sending server in a thread .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  run   nltk

test:  remove any effect usage usage usage .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   get
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf encoded byte string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unregister a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to generate _ _ .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  receives   stop
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id for an iblockdeviceapi .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook list for a user .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain name of the request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all baremetal nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json field .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  load coverage coverage header parameters f : array_like .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  create   load
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between two events .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  retrieve a diff by name from the user and return it .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  look   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a vector3 from a normal infinite line .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  transforms line transform into source space .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  returns   k
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a generator of lists of equal items in ascending order .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation spaces .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a parent status of parent status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate that the given data is a database .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return betweenness betweenness centrality for nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  git   nodes
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  return which unit data is a valid unit shell .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all data from the soft-deleted datastore into a list of str .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known written .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shorthand for shorthand .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  takes   like
truth:  function   function

test:  convert the canonical path to its real form .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  replace   argument

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string argument to bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup a regular tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a new colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  =   configure
truth:  plot   plot

test:  cache the login login .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  create arma impulse of arma and 100 terminal .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to a specific topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading a a custom volume from a stale volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   plotting
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  create   check
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of product products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an authentication token for a given host and port .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  get   authentication
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses addresses assigned to the addresses functions .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the axes in a single axes .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   translate
truth:  make   a

test:  convert s to an integer .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  iterate over text output .
truth: string in color . 
test:  generates   text
truth:  string   in

test:  seconds to mocker .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the terminal size of a testcase .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the specified path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  for each httpbin that we need to override .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  fixture   units
truth:  like   like

test:  publicly a link to a given link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  null   link
truth:  log   a

test:  check if object is an instance of a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  return   test
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute unicode-safe of a server .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  build   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  use the connections to signal .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  working   fixture
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  be   count
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a list of all files which contain been listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses tstamp field into a python program string .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the default export value .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  write the values in separate format to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return the bipartite power of all nodes in g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   load
truth:  download   download

test:  get all data for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt complex zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  displays a box with tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find all the info needed to represent a particular parent directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  locate   sys
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year and month and month for a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the execution of a cluster in the list of tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  null   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the queue .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  function   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  constructs the oauth client from the settings object and secret .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function used to decorate methods that should be called multiple times .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates the specified variables for each bucket that is just a add domain .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  builds   null

test:  given a set of lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  match   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all the available agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   bytes
truth:  list   list

test:  generates prox for output of l1 .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  function   sample
truth:  null   operator

test:  convert a single transform to a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the module will verify the underlying module will be listed in this module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters alpha : array_like wavelength(s) : array_like .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  default document info to document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   sets
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if the line contains a blank line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  are   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a process to its assets .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  process   a

test:  test stratifiedvalidationkfold .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  null   uninstalling
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change process uid and writing proper directory cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to temporarily changes the input code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  patch   patch

test:  evaluates a list of random numbers into a key= distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  join   test
truth:  draws   a

test:  convert textile to native name .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create an index by its index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   get

test:  processes an email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a given expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data with the given key key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  like tornado .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  builds a simple cube graph for use with ifilenames .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  returns   header
truth:  construct   a

test:  verify that for correctness of all finite of a given array .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote -> string return a quoted version of a postscript string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   quotes
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   get
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a content-type and return a dict of keys contained in the response body .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function has been set .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch a python resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve django static files properly on django django django .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the auto_auth in the auto_auth .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   null
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the given startup string .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside a vector3 loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a database of all schemas databases .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  to   default
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing a long string .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   argument
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the output encoding of a file encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  file   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of mac addresses of current instance .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  return   requests
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the number of a field for a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  null   update
truth:  set   set

test:  clean the cached text .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function calls a function if available .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and return the current comment and comment if it exists .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return database information about the sync version of the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   runs
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  install a mock api .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  creates   post
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode using hexadecimal string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  get   a
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this undo works depending on the flag .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  null   check
truth:  empty   remove

test:  get the correct configuration url for a page .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  url   return
truth:  look   up

test:  view the user with each nic user has contributed .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  project   notification
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a document to a list of strings .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 block dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this function calls the given session to write the minimum destination to the server .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  print   output
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator to log a dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test for the bug functions .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the set of salt on the minion datastore .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file at the given path name .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  function   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine if the key can be different as a dictionary .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the execution of the type as a list of weight weight .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user should be logged in the shell .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the float version from git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  browse on the local page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  return   protobuf
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the os is supported based on the argument to the current request .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert the text format mb into a human readable format .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  multiply the rnn gate given a variable neural network .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  install   link
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  execute   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  measure barcode to correct correct sequences for each other .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   program

test:  call the timeout with a timeout level .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set the home directory to use for the current thread .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  null   user
truth:  named   null

test:  create a list of test cases that represent a starting at a given time .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  verify that all python module path names in the same directory .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  list   list

test:  store a unicode value in the safe safe version of a unicode string .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the testfile dir for the testfile .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform morphological thinning of input image on the input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize error messages to the error .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  reduce   compatibility
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  test search retrieving .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   exception
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  identify an unambiguous string to an optional number of characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get all the system dirs where the themes is located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  returns the current timezone tag for a given context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an equal lh .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  implementation of a set of nodes .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and return its output .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  sends a commit to the specified commit .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  create   a

test:  filelinks: test for a subclass by default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate a sorted list of unique sort: .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all roles databases for a specific database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  call c{main} with given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average of average solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  averaging   test

test:  ensure the given subnet field uses the given subnet this function updates the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get aws group name from group cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  for binomial binomial decomposition of the main proportion .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust by k .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize obj to a json representation of a python object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serializes   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  from a wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get the base python interpreter name .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text from celery celery documents .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session document by loading a session document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  push   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step definitions on step definitions when a feature is clicked .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  default   default

test:  gets a sid value from a name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  autocompletion autocompletion .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  do   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  replace a setting value with the given results .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  set security groups to glusterfs .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modify   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  warn the user for the c{new} .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  modify a record to a record and return .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   api
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return an instance if role is associated with a role cli example:: salt myminion myminion salt myminion .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  stack   filters
truth:  to   check

test:  download an adapter .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  return   args

test:  return the path to the datacenter that was successfulfy by the datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pretty print the depth of an array of strings .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  convert   print
truth:  depth   depth

test:  removes a databases from the database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a list of binary files into a single write string .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  format   function
truth:  write   a

test:  given a linear tree of input variables .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if a given name is overlap with a name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  click the event given the event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  logs   in
truth:  select   null

test:  check if user can delete suggestions on a review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  wait until an object is requested or not .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the format removal of contains .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a path to the object .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find the lineage based on certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the list of instances that follows follows data to use for any arguments .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts a list of sorting that have been announcement by their announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update the chain for adding some of modules .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  file   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for locked exceptions to ensure that the volume do not need to do .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves retrieves when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   fork
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns an xml string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  reads   parse
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is pyenv .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert a collection to a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  join a mechanism to the sales event .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   get
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create a standard or docked window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a generator to a sequence of sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that we have at least one of each line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a malformed report which is read from the auth view and to be present .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   request
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the float accuracy of the current established .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   assert
truth:  default   default

test:  get __init__ file of an environment script .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  given   shortcut
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type 2ter section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for an api url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get resource from resource in dll/exe file or resource in dll/exe .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list currently installed disks disks :return: a list of the server disks return the current startup disks disks cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  remove a topic push .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  to   log
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  concatenate a dictionary of attributes .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   null
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  unsigned byte between an array-like and zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   get

test:  unpacks the raw operation string by the op code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   install
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the supplied service object into a centers object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  print   print

test:  find size of files in path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a given integer to a rational integer .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a redirect redirect to the api redirect redirect to .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the tests can use the theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   instance
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a 1d array into a set of sequences .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  return   data
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from a url to a chunk of a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a playlist playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  do   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  select a path from aspath .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   function
truth:  null   null

test:  unite -> iterator repeats the elements of iterable iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the list of active language ids .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all the controllers functions and returns a list of folder objects .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  template   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  default path to a default path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  runs   path
truth:  provide   null

test:  take md5 hash and return the md5 hash .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  time   str
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  inlines a few few k .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  simple error wsgiserver to allow validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  error   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  create a config dict .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  forced   update
truth:  null   section

test:  show all standard line commands .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  adds the custom configuration spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  download   get
truth:  to   add

test:  verify that the low module is present on the system .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  return   module
truth:  if   null

test:  verify a private key for a private key and managed cipher the private key to create a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  output   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  deactivate certificates for certificate certificate display .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  null   certificate
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a row to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   str
truth:  write   a

test:  merge a outputs into a new elements .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  setup setup from settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  settings   users
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this returns a string made from a life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of filenames .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all loss and default loss from the given series .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  null   symmetric
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears events based on the reformatted .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that galambos works on a notebook .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  write   a

test:  read markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return list of emailmessages fields for each series of series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  provides   calculate
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a line of new line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field from the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  applies   returns
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cos -> iterable concats a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  arg   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  look for a domain objects by comparing a domain object containing the specified dns domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a difference between v2 and v2 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  return a native filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  debugging debugging .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  compute   volumes
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns the service object for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   install
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list transfer of a remote command via the transfer tool .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  print   name
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url string .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to an object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  convert   replacement
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the series from a series of three order is greater than three percentage of the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test map of selection as selection .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   expression
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the string to a currency string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of all available template available on the minion .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait until a key has been updated with a node .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  package   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for inline fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the right list of icrs are reported .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   yank_nth_arg
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string so that it can be interpreted as a escape module .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  does   sys
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove any absolute path in the package .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  create   undo
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that assign a class to its class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of strings .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  based   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  docformat finds a docstring of lines between python source using a docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  print   null
truth:  fill   a

test:  create the configuration directory for the given site .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the sql statements used to remove all tables in the database and put the database .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an ssl_options compatible with context .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a url to a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if incomplete upload file is complete enough .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   characters
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search up a query string .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file using the specified name and return a header string .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  display the state data from the salt state data and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the output .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  handles the read map from each line of a labeled value .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  sample weighted integration of a weighted numpy array .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  array   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initalize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 8bit integer from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves single volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add a function to an optional python dictionary .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return source code for sqlite .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a document with the right iterator of this decorator is called in order to document .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a filename .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  given   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  make sure the directory containing mkdir files .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  used   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  recursively look up to find what tree of pwnlib is marked as well .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate some slices of the source image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  filter to check if a filter snapshot is already being created from a specific group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all jobs that contain a users incrontab .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  runs a django api flow .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  token   configures
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the given data structure to camel camel data structure .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function only the given methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash bash for bash .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript has javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript d .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that makes sure that a function is not implemented .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with unicode key .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating build a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate a single cifar summary of all cifar variables .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   data
truth:  null   eval

test:  helper to transfer or schemas from keen to test database .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  adding   source
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the number of facet items for an facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign the floating ip for a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 == v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we want to mw search on a given server .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  ask   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release complete section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record of a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  starting   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the matrix with each row having shape .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  null   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand ~ and ~user absolute path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   git
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches that the triangle of the buffer we can safely store and aes .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  return   in
truth:  dedent   null

test:  convert absolute path to absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the securedrop cache for all unique languages .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits a string into multiple lines .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  re-usable function to expect an error .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  if   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return dictionary with all keys converted to their values .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  performs   a

test:  run patches in a temporary content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  run   return
truth:  return   return

test:  testing that the text output is loaded at a given path .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  wait for a command to save .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files from a list of files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  func   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  update the hexadecimal id .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  displaying the list of warnings for every warnings in the list of warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure an apache key is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation decorator .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the cost cost of an undirected simplex .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a filedigest for the given themes and return the absolute name .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   create
truth:  name   name

test:  return the largest embedded brands for each brands .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   top

test:  get the lists of the gcode text in the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of option options for a specific option .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log log log log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply a k[x] polynomial by a term in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   add
truth:  add   a

test:  return a version which is installed .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run the subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the user can view this page .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta with specified write mode seqs: list of seqs to write seqs .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  takes   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the list of available genrepo .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  constructs   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  lists all of the enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  integration test for bucket naming issues on windows .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   test

test:  load json object as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  null   context
truth:  make   null

test:  writes a file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  func   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  return a dict of sets of all dependencies that have a child dependencies .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  args: val : the rapid for xblock services .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  function   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  convert   val
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the path of the vmx tests for the datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  do   generate
truth:  to   function

test:  return a filter with the given name .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   load
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reverse the order of a list of order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  given an exploration rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  time series .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add logging messages to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  to   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set that dont use a course which dont have access to the course they require that the course will be attached to the course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  set   set

test:  test that setups are shown and tests are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files for pixel files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  null   files
truth:  process   process

test:  this method is used to test django 1 .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  filters all the compiler filters out the list of command .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  function   in
truth:  given   a

test:  given a sample header mapping file of duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads a stream .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clone a url into a new directory structure .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the *local nodes of the *local .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  entry point for conversion .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  run   up
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse http request to the http error message .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  if   parse
truth:  try   try

test:  read text table designed for humans and normal table .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  null   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: things .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first token of the given list of results .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  computes the default task of a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download a setuptools and return its filename .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code into a dict of text .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  read   default
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return list of unique key symbols using symbols .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can grr to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  view   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove a website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a stack of udev info from a dictionary .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parses   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore intervals for configuration changes .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  deploy   directories
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for an array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a evil_member project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   null
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure a visualization for a selection .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensures   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  this method calls a repository shed all of the information from the repository shed continuous .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  get the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception when given a model .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if a file has been modified files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  return   file
truth:  if   null

test:  receive use request to related videos .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  null   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic function .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns connected graph of graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  butterworth data using the signal given by data .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  return   data

test:  builds the port spec for a given host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends a map to the community query and redirects to redirect to yields .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  unregister   line
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  hand request: a color error .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  wraps   integer
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a dict with an exploration ids for the given exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the given object has access to the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple wrapper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  provide the name of the script that we can load it from .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  uninstall   delete
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt client .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  list   a
truth:  name   name

test:  the classifier pickle .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   sets
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluate a slice of type arg .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  change   a
truth:  function   function

test:  starting a guiprocess .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  count   start
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to check if a review already exists .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  skip   a

test:  given a list of tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  split   name
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode by copykeys .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a thread at a given volume .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  create   a

test:  byte byte string for an arbitrary error flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  return   description

test:  split a sequence into a list of strings .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  split   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate all files and yield a roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to write django 1 .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  verifies the specified system is into the file into this directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive setting .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   callback
truth:  setting   setting

test:  add fake build to our build file .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  search   search
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading a single column .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the default values of a numpy array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the html tree for a particular static static static page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  like rms .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  null   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save the task definition to the datastore .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  this function replaces a rpm rpm member of a mysql configuration .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the simple sidebar is marked with the provided url .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get a list of all users with known users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the leading coeffcient of f in a python string by a python type .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes tags on an sns .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  display a size widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the given string has a valid parameters .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  swig_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  runs the command line extensions with the options given by the user .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  link to a - in the bokeh zone .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  given a pil .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  test that we can still have a db catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   database

test:  parse a list of unique ids .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   url
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the ranking spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds some external caching caching to a response or turns it to the response object .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   groups
truth:  caching   set

test:  check if a specific node is eligible for eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  retrieve information about the xblocks gating for the given xblock .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca certificates from a text file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute adjacency within distances between points of distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  display   a

test:  return loss by the least-squares power of its rho .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with random chars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  creates   compile
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample documents .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  force   minimum
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  used as a callback to set a eager function for a query and send a deferred of the time to that were known object .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the given dir .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if n is a tar tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   tox
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set the sql table for database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   call
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that does nothing crash with a file descriptor .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   null
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little helper function that mimics a room to a room .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  call the instance stack is not not a instance of a class .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   behaviour
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  pass   delete
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates that the runner parameter passed to the given attribute .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on yens method .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate pprint .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  runs   strips
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the wrapped method is an implementation of a method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an authorization context containing a sample context as a string .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   info

test:  use pick pick to wrap a "compute" .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the cookies can be updated with cookies .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of sequences to each different wanted .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  module   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a fake dummy implementation for testing .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace separators by stripping .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  string   string

test:  determines if certificate is expected .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disconnect all virtual networks for a vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  post   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and parse a option value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   html
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy of database .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  function which provides a dictionary of nodes from the database object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack the minion into a dictionary of virtualbox module objects and corrects it to the global sources format .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  csm_properties(csm) source estimate using dpss tapers .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize spider log for logging .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct its derivative of a matrix .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  fasta   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup a slash .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified group policy .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise a method if the driver has first argument authenticated .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a non-english for an http channel .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  make   use
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function returns a wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the js tests in the request_type .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  add   generate
truth:  run   run

test:  return the default domain name cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  default   return
truth:  default   default

test:  return a dict describing the disk profile profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name from a relative file name to a relative file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple extras to extras extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a suspend state of the power status .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  canon returns a list of all the rules in the tree .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  test that path isnt a book when calling a use .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a sequence of existing variables .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  convert   samples
truth:  given   multiple

test:  given an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  find   try
truth:  if   check

test:  delegate a hex string containing a hex of css .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant fields .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  algorithm   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  walks a query string or a resource value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   try
truth:  escapes   null

test:  strongly implementation of the central problem for each observation in x .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a social with the given placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  null   works
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypts data with the given secret key and secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  decrypt   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  return   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of items that correspond to the selected child items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot two rows of a month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  grab   module
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the ed2k file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  fetches the given state with the given private layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  displays the students image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a setuptools in a new environment .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  writes a contents of a given file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load a module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given kwargs class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  convert a unicode string to an integer .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces transcripts from chooses and returns them .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  null   start
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given tenant or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  command   command

test:  transform a string to a list of integers .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convenience wrapper for quickly getting cache entries .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  shift_expression : shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   shift_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  given a connectionconfig encoded alphabet .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  time   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of tensors into a single string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert numeric utm date to numeric utc zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   newlines
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of all the keys of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power of power returns: power of power .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  monkey-patch settings & loads the settings dict from templates .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  update   sync
truth:  checks   checks

test:  search all existing index for existing words in the given existing index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   xml
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  build   method
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit an existing form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   checks
truth:  edit   media

test:  elementwise l1 function .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  computes   null

test:  patches a child task by scanning a custom command .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  terminate   task

test:  given a class name .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python function against an end_group bug .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   a

test:  call signature:: abbreviated implementation for a given python object .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of normalized expressions .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  null   number
truth:  expr   expr

test:  see if an exploration state is less than credentials that ensures that the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes list of values within a dictionary .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   flag
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve supplied back-end name to determine if it was a hostname .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  actually implement random epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  uninstall   hue
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest number of times the action field has been added to the minimum value .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change your password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  reset   a

test:  look for a certain path to sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   host
truth:  add   multiple

test:  returns whether it is installed in use of views .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of pk nodes with limited fields for rendering the select alias for rendering the given alias .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a list .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  converts   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom codecs codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   registration
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in data .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket set pending build status to bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   null

test:  a new dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves an object to the proper json .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  save   a

test:  read the last input file with production production input .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get information about the xfs filesystem cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  simple wrapper for piston rev .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  given number of characters .
truth: as above . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint of a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   upload
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs a path of current request .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  given an argument that is either a module .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for a tenant cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a pair for the specified key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given an http url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all available submodules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get a test tolerance which should be labeled by the kernel type .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  set the key key in csr or csr using csr .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   certificate
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history stub .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset in magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fake smtp/impa stubs at some time .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   symmetric
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the name of a binary image .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the merge segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   minimum
truth:  null   policy

test:  return a string describing the offset of a number .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a l{deferred} to use .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check if dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  return hikkake hikkake value given the given string .
truth: from url . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages which contain a backup .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  update   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the text of the text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the given api cli example: .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  limit all apps within an app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  return value rounded up to float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to an s3 object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   response
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the media that can be used with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  creates a template resource resource for the current resource and version .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove cloud records from a boolean .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  get the name of the package that was defined in the locale .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  to   function
truth:  given   a

test:  raises a fake subclass of module .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  give   null

test:  clean clean up any entities from the current revision .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  require that the user has access to the global staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  print a list of trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  stream   list
truth:  remove   message

test:  does nothing contain websocket status .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively dumps all the preprocessor others .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the main program for packages .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  setup   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to guess if a module is relative to a relative version .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get name for options .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   sessions
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load if chef is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture which provides a temporary package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a cloud cloud cloud provider .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  calls   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  create an array with the numbers listed in the input array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  ignore only patterns and return a list of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  call   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data based on the function names .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   a

test:  return style library defined in a given string .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   helper
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url to python object for a github domain name .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the nth roots of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   components
truth:  construct   a

test:  test that versions of "mc .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add user to the group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   validates
truth:  add   user

test:  get a user from the given username or email .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context passed to the namespace .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   null
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer uniquely .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a regexes file name .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry if wsgi undo undo is available .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  get a service .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add an arbitrary mean to the console .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  default   render
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a record format column into fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  formats   ldap
truth:  record   record

test:  take a resource and a 404 function and returns a responder .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  it prevents prevents prevents prevents prevents .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  characters are allowed to avoid use in tests .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  drop   float
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  converts a timedelta object to a time object: .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy files to a system .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a string of the signature which all shared signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  -   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the username from a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   username
truth:  return   return

test:  look up the user by the oauth user and discards it .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the same name of a given labels .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  sort   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to test page defined in xml page .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   a

test:  simple wrapper for permission_required operation .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  call   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a hup command into a list of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a noise .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  write   in
truth:  draws   a

test:  parse a string of http date format into a datetime object: .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the given html to a string using the appropriate api and convert it to a new json .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate tests to catch the attribute set .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  use   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns version string to take on windows version information .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  play a file at the given threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  make   source
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  model   null
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads the contents of a download file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email email behavior of user .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   context
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url for the connection url .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   metadata
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering / calendar / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of jobs that are currently configured .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   null
truth:  like   like

test:  collects all files in the given document and all files of the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  file   generate
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  make   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test that invalid version of invalid version does not exist .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  default   test
truth:  test   test

test:  all values that appear in a transaction .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  query   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of a given song dict .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  the hashing import dask .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   filesystem
truth:  test   interaction

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean up the source component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  null   git
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers using the http headers given in a dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   quotes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the supplied url for the given host .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of packages within a venv venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  various top-level trash interface .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called with one or more of the hardware .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  func   func

test:  tests the number of ideas attributes on a review .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a profiles into a numeric header: array .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  to   time
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes an xml document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   read
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a markup string to a document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   init
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively iterates all files in a directory tree .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  find   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the values of an iterable .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update different completions for all completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   decorator
truth:  update   update

test:  expands a set of attribute strings to be written as well as well as well as 1 .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  expands   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string of the given apache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   matches
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an individual backend using stochastic dates .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  configure   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  recursively return file data in a directory tree .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed in a list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  name   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  returns a mac address in rfc random format .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from an fpath module to load and retrieve the ast module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   pick
truth:  define   null

test:  test that attribute works properly work .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers the output of publishing to show to stdout .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  explicitly release an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is created with a given name .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   real
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all child child actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if it is a hermitian matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected output with expected results for expected .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  logarithmic   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  shut down the rdp server at boot .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  to   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  async version of a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_default_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that include_names is ignored .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  trivial   url
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes json value to plain format and encodes it using base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   function
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if item is a builtin .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the id3 element in a comment .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  is   load
truth:  return   return

test:  write the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for missing analytics .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  to   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster exists .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a generator of tuples read from a dict of pairs .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  do   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  simple non-unc test for the distutils distribution .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a sorted partition of size size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  chunks   generate
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the closest dir .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect error .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  null   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a known color type .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links to a custom event tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  put   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test a unique join between an element .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  return system information for a bug .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  reorders a logger of log handlers .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  return a list of links to be handled .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check the mysql server is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test if everything has no temporary files .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with compile .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  dpow -> r^1 test function for create an appropriate x: distribution of the given prime prime .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the threshold value of prediction .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  null   fit
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the current git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day summary of a single day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plots   day

test:  repl func -- like instances .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine an rsa implementation .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   base
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for wrapping a method to an comic cache .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if received server uses value: and port is true .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the automate attribute of the provided model is valid .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the numberofbezierpoints .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is a html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path of an http access key .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if the current program exits url .
truth: main loop . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry request object with given retries .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   versioning
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  like   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  processes a template from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  context   null
truth:  require   a

test:  computes the minimum number of previous zcr .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade assets db .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  given   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check if there is a distance in nictag nictag : string nictag to check for nictag .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run the list of know know if we know about every cpu .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  include   test
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename to a valid path name .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update available locales cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  truncate the crawler object .
truth: main program . 
test:  takes   c
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a utilities query string into a list of id_or_symbol(s) tuples .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   search
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  set the plugin name .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of email entities for the given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   user
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator which causes a mutex of the tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get imports in given project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute the flattened response of a log-scale matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  null   library
truth:  return   a

test:  turns partitions on a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  run   k
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ecdsa token from an application key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   in
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge the given volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   file
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task report for sending email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  romberg -> int return a matrix of the given number of characters .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start the cluster worker context in a cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   context
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the *iterable_type* structure for the given structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features must be included in two lists .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the string is a valid lowercase string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given a url_name string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  null   port
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a locale for the default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   find
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all them by causing them to raise exception if they are terminate .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales all images by flavors flavors .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  save   obj
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the lineage of a block by offsets .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch used for unset tests .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that makes sure that a function is not implemented .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this function performs one-step of networks .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  authentication password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  run   password
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon machine specified by the host .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  access   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  start create db .
truth: send create database . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get list of ip addresses for which user can be passed to .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if a given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  change your default login name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   service
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result suite of a runner suite .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  look up git config value .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles for policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   load
truth:  list   list

test:  list all available postgresql extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a generator of all c{h1} types .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using a url-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  use site-wide as subprocess if were running usually decorator .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an endpoint using an http protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  create   shortcut
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert list wrapper wrapper to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator for reject meg meg meg meg meg series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying a single function should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  command   command

test:  handle the 500 response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial f in mathbb z[x_1 to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  converts   everything
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return an object or truncate it if it doesnt exist .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  function   inverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas the linear zero vector .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  returns   k
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check what would be a line parameter geometry .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   alias
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return an iterator over all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of samples corresponding to the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the list of indexes of all small markov .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared likelihood error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape a hash value from a python string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs a date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  outputs   string
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table to a file table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  change the [yaml_files] .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  print   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  create a jinja jinja version of data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the machine specified by the required configuration .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a signature scheme object dss_sigscheme that can create or verification with scheduler .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant : list | const_list | const_list | const_list | const_map | const_list .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all existing dag dag for which the task has been deleted .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add an object to the list of objects of dicts .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  return an ascii version of s .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   s
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of strings .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  reads files of a copy of dask files .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  according   assert
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the windows username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  null   username
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using its name .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves one or more data indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test general functionality .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   methods
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that are not divisible by the given number of any given number of 1-sized .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for a compiler tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh and refresh data .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download the specified api to a bbox file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   api

test:  return the global file path of an lru finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   url
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the slot slot if it isnt going to skip tests .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  save   multiple
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  wrapper around unicodise .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  works   use
truth:  string   string

test:  get an image device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to designate a function or method of a level of a specific level level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  generate a timestamp for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse and return a ssh response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  try   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  transform a list of issues into a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a context object for a given current thread .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through all example filenames and a dict of example files .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  create a collection of tuples .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  view   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function for setting value .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  add   duplicate
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function so we can only use a new one .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> /path .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  mark   host
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the log file for a machine .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  provides   json
truth:  logging   logging

test:  shutdown a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  download   null
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^2 + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  sync all modules from the desktop list of modules and save them .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  return   grains
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract write_file patch = temporary file .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  reverse the ip address for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add optimised default results to each required time .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pyexcelerate
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in rfc 1924 1924 compact representation notation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string representing the current encoding .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to an executable binary file .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  null   running
truth:  running   running

test:  check the service tags for a service .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the harmonic type given a float .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  return   return

test:  render a cluster to the list of hosts for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  null   git
truth:  return   a

test:  return list of indices within a string of shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  is   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  build the set of plots plots for each observation .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  load   load

test:  try to get the dictionary .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  null   load
truth:  to   try

test:  given a python source code .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   module
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of strings .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  if   email
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of disks .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  find a language .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a file .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  collects a single job of testing .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  given   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin for the specified image file and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a single plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  its a standard form .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  change   a

test:  get the shape of an array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for change of pause-download-on-pp .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  shut   application
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the sample id into a mapped by parsing a mapped to convert it into the mapped event .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   accept
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email when a new request has been created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  to   null
truth:  request   request

test:  checks the gradient of the scalar value for either a set of tuples or an upgrade or "file" .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   gradient
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  null   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract http authenticated headers from http header header string .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   django
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a list of message -> make_image_file .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load the printable ips .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql connection or module .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the fetch of the git fetch failed .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  work   up
truth:  make   null

test:  get the inet address for a specific bluetooth address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name for the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   method
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calls subprocess_popen .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  read from file with the given file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  reads   content
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for models .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  clears   check
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  return   name
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem ruleitem | expr le expr | expr ge expr | expr | expr | expr ruleitem expr | expr ge expr |
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython slave .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   refresh
truth:  unload   unload

test:  helper to build a security group rule in a group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence times .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  indicate   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write remote tunnel to remote files .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound error with bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   equality
truth:  test   test

test:  list all imported imported by the secrets line and their optional hosts .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  execute   point
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a list of all the groups that are present in the accompanying .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find in a dict of code for a line in a dict .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   in
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random shear image by applying a random image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a mime_type type into a dict of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run all trigger trigger and client events .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add allocated_id to the database .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  call   allocated_id
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: promoted-build publish builds to the build as environment variables requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  function to iterable .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  finds   c
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetches the current redirect language on a given configuration language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves a given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  proxy method to make a user id from the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  writes a list of all known contents of the given users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  uses list of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json patch to a rational object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   patch
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the return configuration file into .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing timing timing events or errors for public methods in swifts .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes an md5 hash of a given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  pull request from the remote system .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  null   role
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function does two results of the same line .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  set size of damndest .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  host is not supported .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   function
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  generates   a

test:  start true if all server already exist .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip either an value or the appropriate array to the appropriate one .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  convert   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that makes sure the function does not have a string .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  expand c{cipherstring} by spaces .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  displays timeline tweets in a user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  call   view
truth:  display   users

test:  parse an ip address string to a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  match a query to a list of attributes .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  registers a function with a new name and all function functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute size of an object .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve remote method object from method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the basic coroutine for a basic call .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all the emails to a given user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a comma separated list like urllib2 .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new there is an mini-batch using :class:barbuilder given by values .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   s
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the largest of the dataset .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the settings in django settings are supplied .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  project   project

test:  preprocess context .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  download the data from a db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a version string as a valid version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses kinds size and returns a list of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python module .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary and returns it .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inject the jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  get config file from a file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url :return: byte string representation of obj .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to decodes a value on specific object .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  search   try
truth:  to   try

test:  given a list of space .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if a given kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a string made of text .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an elastic datastore .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a timeseries file parameters lambda_ : file to be converted .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  counts the defaultdict of a list of counter .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a list of hypervolume objects of sleep with the given hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representing a phone number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set the user in watching .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the python version for the given version .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test that output of validation function .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the views between 0 and n-1 .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url to copied .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the signature as a string .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   null

test:  given a polygon object .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert apostrophe characters to hex encoded characters .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetch and return a file from cloud profile config .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  use   use

test:  set up genericrelations for the $home and rawarray .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  config   options
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  collapse the system methods with ckan methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  add   add

test:  require a evil_member language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  apply func to openflow color by registration .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the replica set and authenticate if the salt is true .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   task
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results for a theano raw results .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  adds a additional url to an existing url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test retrieving a url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   case
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas schemas arent sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate numpy numpy array of images .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   order
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a semicolon-separated delete directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a loader status is passing .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the address is ip .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  any field that should be a stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  null   search
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively list all the directories under the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the base model is set .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the elementwise of a given file .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  given   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   in
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate one integer to another .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that a development predict function outputs a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the clear_func output .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a string of sub lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  null   string
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list of elements of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  indices   in
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   64bit

test:  check if user has prereg landing .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  view   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  cleans a pair of text into a single string .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  parse out the value of dbms framework using the pydoc error .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a list of results into a fif file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a cmd module in a watch fashion .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list containers in the currently installed containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string showing the datastore key output of the datastore .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the log of the standard error of the nonassoc function at time-step time of the standard error of the mean .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert finished output to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a cx binary crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method serves with shoppingcart with shoppingcart args: cart : list of shoppingcart returns: *shouldnt* with shoppingcart args: cart : list of shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  given a reverse domain name .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that completion model inputs inputs inputs descriptions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer of a footer email .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  construct   load
truth:  append   a

test:  return the name of a random api for a given file .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the standard deviation of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph of the elements of a directed network .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node is intersecting or not .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  run   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve configuration loader for options .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily delete a given config value .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  decodes and integer c{int} using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  return an xml document containing a perfect document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   keys
truth:  check   check

test:  convert string to number .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   pull
truth:  to   function

test:  select select values from the dictionary .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  setting   detach
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an incomplete grading .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and mul .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  helper to ensure that a --version file contains source to be a --version .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a pipe segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a single progress value for one progress and return the result .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function for creating a single batch-command code .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  differential connection name .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  read and add an xml document from the collection of all actions .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   images
truth:  read   read

test:  this is a univariate function that uses rational number .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  displays a proxy for a particular type .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   command
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a boolean value for a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static html textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads a new function to check if extended with smartos .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the page and save it in the page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album plugin by name and album .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   paths
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the function is running .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run windows only supports windows .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the given name is in the process used by the filename .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   return
truth:  name   name

test:  replace local user and group .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  function   pick
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return user_ids public activity for a given user_ids .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test the translation model read more assumptions file scop .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  null   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that checks the mime type of the request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test for issue #5617 .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  loop   create
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate variables and name: them to concat given coordinates .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch a list of compute ips for the given local node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute and compute the exploration contributors summary of a form: exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a standard elements of a string .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   tool
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the result of one or more file at a time .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  remove   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression expression expression | expression times expression | expression expression expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks if a user has access to a profile .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  null   api

test:  split a given array by its comma whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   set
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of another keras distribution .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   returns
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to run the start database .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  entry point for the named plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  run   example

test:  test url from local path .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   function
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone host is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for a pattern to be gcd .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the spider object for the given spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   request
truth:  create   a

test:  check to see if the host is responding .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  open   open

test:  pull strings from sources to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  fixture   compile
truth:  source   source

test:  gets a number of normalized name for the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the checksum of a specified string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrap a text by a sequence of bytes .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time string into a time .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  does necessary setup to remote remote output when it gets called .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a numpy array with all elements of axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or write the right table .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that a previously signed order is valid and is not called by the user .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple of memory values .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a tuple of for all the cheatsheets accuracy of scores .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  default   default

test:  returns true if string is unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts nt locations to cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  uses   one
truth:  convert   nt

test:  chain chain names for a given id group id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new shared shared shared shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that kbengine errors are executed even when collection of collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   categories
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the mapper name of an object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true/false whether or enabled user has cart matching the given user_id .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  null   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  build and load a folder for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the first word in status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a numeric value to a plain specification for use in encrypt code .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in a list of dimensions .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  take as input a tar file object and checks that file is qual fastq string or container fastq completion .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  puts the current module/object space .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute the set of log moment moments for each log eps .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the desired case of the desired case has been marked as a desired case .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if that evaluates a docker urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  is   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder for use when the controller module is shutting .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture which checks a test method with a evil_member topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the linux server platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt complex zeros of sine fresnel integral s(z) and cosine integrals .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generate some id from seqs alignment alignment .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  return   sequence
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  generate dask array for a number of dask dask dask array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   num

test:  write the server health config to a given monitor .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  -   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given class .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark duration of a newest matrix that supports supports it will never be registered on item and bayesian .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that tests the output of a function .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs the security security .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   email
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model before running the project .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   count
truth:  are   models

test:  return a form for a form based on the current form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return all registered status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop sql sql sql sql sql sql sql sql statements for the database .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load and make sure the applications applications applications to use the lazy .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that "checkerboard" works on both data and fixed .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator performs the decorated function in the validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  validates   inspect
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip vpc bad vpc association .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   vpc

test:  tests that using a few operands should raise an attributeerror .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a user permission to allow it to database .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get event logging .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   view
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  standard admin widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  is   callback
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a child children .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get status group groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  convert   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it can run only on sets of sets .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  null   models
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the hyperbolic magnitude .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse lines from usual vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   data

test:  implement static files .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  template   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate some random sentence-like value .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of the standard error n .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service with the given name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ieqcons activation function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return relevant relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for 500 .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  turns   view
truth:  null   a

test:  find a list of nodes via xpath matching a given page matching the regex .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   null
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from sections .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of all objects found in order of the given list of segregate which were sent to each object .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert an entry to a dictionary of indices .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function takes a report type and converts it to a report of the corresponding value: .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  start   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  write   unit
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds a operations adding a campaign criterion to each campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open the given file in a directory by identifying the given mode .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the refresh of the main event loop .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a path .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates the context of a test request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the predicate waits until the predicate has true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a uuid from the binary string representation .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the pid of the pid .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all of the branches in the leaf tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix tetragrid .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group a file or directory of a directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to find the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of disk devices cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  report   report

test:  given a list of chunk_size .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialization list of tuples to apply to current request .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  null   user
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convenience function to filter a string according to its locale .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  containing   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  compute a matching containers and return a dict keyed by containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state of the running state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  start   server
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value from the registry .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  combine game by games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the binary representation of an ipv4 address .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the argument name for a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render a template name using the grains folder .
truth: render config template . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  config   config

test:  get the backend class for a module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  suggest reader for artist .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  return   get
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib id for the specific type .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test with formatted formatted classes .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders that are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to get an instance from a wire object .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  given   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve the thumbnail files needed by the thumbnail module .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill in file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  searches   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  test what happens if a using test will be set .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an etree queue to a queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the url for a given content .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  register   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  sets default output .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for a given tuple of objects .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   containers
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate python iosync iosync x .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the corresponding segment matches .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  does   length
truth:  is   segment

test:  return the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  puts   function
truth:  do   one

test:  split a mime type into a tuple .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  take   null
truth:  split   mime

test:  create socket options that use the http request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieve all volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  the pdf of the frequency distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   link
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  raises importerror if the given version of the given version is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  raises   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database sql statement for single interactive validation .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a blockdevicedeployer case from a threadpool case .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   nodes
truth:  list   list

test:  slope relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  rectified   null

test:  create an image description from a python image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the date/time password for a single host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy one or more model configuration to another location .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to the given locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion to launch the cli portion of the cli module .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  swirl image using puts .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the cached requirements for a file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add any paths to the list of lists .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses in a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a key for an element path to a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config attach to the values object .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to use automatic memoization on a single method call .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the status for the current vertex .
truth: print returns . 
test:  have   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print out which packages can be removed from the directories listed in the directories .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   test

test:  matches a dict as a string using nothing .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  decrypt   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url or a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the current users viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   episode
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a certificate from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns correct percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of available modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  explicitly return a floating point number .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  default   default

test:  returns an ajax handler for the given course notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   check
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  normalized mutual mutual info on points .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write a given accounts to a file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   version

test:  helper function for shuts .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  reset   calculate
truth:  do   null

test:  zero or replaces python module from the given directory .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip eip an eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  display an answer callback for the request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  do   a
truth:  use   use

test:  rap-music factorization of the first kind of f modulo f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the determinant of a wishart value .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  null   top
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler builds with pylintrc scripts that sends the value of the pythonpath machinery plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of layer2 of current letter .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  convenience function for creating a single vector of integers .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tag tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the score of an equal image .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address resolve the host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  gets a list of datacenters from the given service instance .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme that can be used as a floating string .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  elementwise   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  run the program .
truth: gui test . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the vms that are available .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   master
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  add   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a list of events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information from the specified provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   details

test:  return true if we are available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python source code for the given python stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  remove   redirects
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a group of type type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples of all of the eps entry point .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a unique version of a path .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class name into a class path .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  convert   a

test:  function to create otu table table from each sample metadata file this function is a dictionary of sample metadata and allow allow information to be used in the sim parameters
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   n

test:  retrieve list of tuples and use the target target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  prepare   find
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a users group cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure string is utf8 encoded bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single command-line argument .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache a cache security group from a security group to a group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  authorize   network

test:  stack tool tooltip and outputs out tool out of a graph in a graph .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  print   glance
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of dicts containing a list of system-wide tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a formatted datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the distance travelled for applying model x: vector and order of its rows .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  logging   test
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that we can convert migration in a translated field to translated migration in a parseresults field .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling set pending build for the job plugin .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read ip from the request headers .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  serializes object from json .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  serialize a secure video to a temporary location .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  serialize   delete
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if a survey is required for survey a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake version of django .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  join   format
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip over several whitespace in the input list .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate a test suite .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a queryset of strings containing the best zone available .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors across a full site .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  order   redis
truth:  null   contributors

test:  generate an array of evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  break   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders page: displays all mass page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  null   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the names of installed packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs directory name of the container .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function that handles a cookie .
truth: log out . 
test:  obtain   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list on media item the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  supplied   a
truth:  index   index

test:  creates a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if and only if the request is a role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of all users members .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return true if running on this interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and check for the given http client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  check   close
truth:  saves   null

test:  display a bokehjs help action .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve information about a particular resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a column can be loaded .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the value is devisible .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for classes that tries to be iso8601 .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the log driver object .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the ranfunc modules that represent the given string .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert elements into a sequence of lists .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  call   a
truth:  value   value

test:  yield fasta .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  context   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  retrieve the info from a package or a specific package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   information
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of names and return a dict of unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  walk   tuple
truth:  gives   null

test:  deprecated user']password view .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   state
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether sleep button is sleep on power button if supported :return: a string value representing the "wake button :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a list of available commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  detect   runs
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create an instance of the overholt .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  works   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a python function in a subprocess .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether the host is a ipv4 or not to be a global small configuration file system .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  see   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate an url at which a request for request and scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a class with the specified name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  checks that the given object has supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  issue pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  displays a context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  track   helper
truth:  null   in

test:  get the current version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current window for the given event .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format dates parameters .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   string
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call func with a function or a call to call a method of a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  spawn   null
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as a dictionary of elements .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check 401 docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress security group from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error test with an error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  ensure   errors
truth:  null   something

test:  determines whether the current request should be ignored outside a proxy .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  start   null
truth:  if   null

test:  calculates rank for ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  function   notify
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a cookiecutter can be used with a cookiecutter which doesnt deleting the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  register   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line within a given line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi configuration variables for the two users .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns equation for a given point value .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if a disk disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  test for a line stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   dict
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  callback for the test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index format .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  input   init
truth:  null   lhs

test:  read a column of watched file with a sorted of data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  read   read
truth:  test   failure

test:  return a hex string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  null   character
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the null node formatter .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier description for a number .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts list of strings into a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  if   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute sql execute a database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns a numeric colors from the number of 4 integers .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the oauth url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  converts the operation of a :func:parse_locale response to an ec2 server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  renders   estimate
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience method works on string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  create attributes attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  string   string

test:  add group_hosts and doc around the drag .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  weighted   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a raid device .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces associated with a virtual host .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that contactfield reads a libvirtlivemigratedata .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  orderline is a bug .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  safely build the configuration file for a given module .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of authentication token using the binary token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  make   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  remove a specific pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the metadata of a repo as a list of tuples .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of test tests that contain a given pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  create   find
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a user was instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  serialize the recapitalizes type for the message type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  scan a core using id and time it .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the log logbase logbase logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token authentication using salt .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  null   default
truth:  if   null

test:  parses information from a file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the backup corresponding device metadata file .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  null   format
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks function of the given floating point value .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message of the given asset .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve true if settings are allowed to be a method .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   parse
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a string with base64 using the given number of bytes .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that accounts can be ready to search .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  leaves   a
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test for uint8 directory of container_count and directory .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  bind   bind

test:  convert from iso index to protocol index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 1-d distribution of order data .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if a particular instance has a known astroid or class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  print summary failure report .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  null   number
truth:  print   print

test:  create a json json role for the given role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  edit the config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  build   key
truth:  writes   null

test:  generate test configuration .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the given is_active is a valid python namespace in this function will be imported .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  create a zipline configuration file .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the value of the symmetric matrix a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reads a status file .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current filter .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by decorator to check a fixture by by assets that are provided by a sub scope .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if val looks like a string .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   test
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parse a semicolon-separated string into a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary for the keys of the named vm cli example: .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a list of managed servers and desired servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a sentence of file into a tree .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   generate
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a pybrain chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all variables in an arbitrary cluster at a given root .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a win32/win64 api window handle where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  ensure that the unicode string cannot be set .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  proxies a crop corner measure to partially .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get data between a field between two objects fields .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the authenticated routes for options .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  resolve   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  all layers linked to the same format as the supplied function .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   self

test:  some user empty channel pool .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  compares   signal
truth:  time   time

test:  create a new messages tag tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  confirmation email when a user has adapter .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path if directory exists .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show a figure and a folder .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a biadjacency matrix from an adjacency matrix given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given an in-memory style file .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a random string/key of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just verifies that pydotprint works as long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  null   order
truth:  is   null

test:  extract environment variables from a xml file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stores all of the local files in a given user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a iso 8601 date string to a python datetime .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return list of ip addresses for q .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace hash .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number of a given cant be converted to vector3 line .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  takes   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path of the option that contains .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step 4 formats .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run a python file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  get   run
truth:  run   run

test:  extract multi-byte from the given node .
truth: like node . 
test:  clean   time
truth:  like   node

test:  configure the template filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configure   index
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute commands using :mod:salt .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load configuration from a base module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes a string .
truth: like zip . 
test:  function   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  finds the representation of a single resource path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   partition

test:  create list of files that exist in the given collection .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  clear   list
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  if   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears a gradient layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if any of the given fields are unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only makes sure exceptions .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  runs   dummy
truth:  return   return

test:  return a unicode object that represents a unicode object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  unicode   guess
truth:  object   object

test:  accumulate a new document .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string parameter .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a form of extension .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  filter   a

test:  loads the rewritten data as a tuple of the autoencoder .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  modify a single compiler compiler .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  load   cone
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface accumulation .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging with the program .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   task
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return timestamp for start of next time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the minimum module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of images containing images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key in a string .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  given two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   list
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if multi-images status code is not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   reduction
truth:  keep   null

test:  open the xml tree of all links .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the status of the given response with the given http response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  parses   receiver
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read and return a module from a file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   handle
truth:  reads   a

test:  get the path to the site-packages directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  return   return

test:  this function determines whether or not to make this cloud module available upon execution .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  is_blank_line a chisquare that raises the observed chunks .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  null   normalization
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the clickable .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   purpose
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a list of characters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a list of dictionaries to the aggregate database .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the module in the given directory in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an mx record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  deletes a security group from a virtual imported .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that a editor be created .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect and receive a socket object .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  close   power
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  this function takes a python sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  convert   environment
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   sequence
truth:  logs   logs

test:  shim to conf_file conf_file methods that are not in the vmware architecture .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that an object is a deprecated code object .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  joins a dictionary with a simple dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decode a bson tag to its dependents representation .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  to   create
truth:  convert   a

test:  download the services from the environment .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return affected index of given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   return
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html word .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that configuration is marked as existing plugin .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was invoked with the specified jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  iterator for a single 63 63 .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a string into a boolean .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  counts the editor to the proper requests dict .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  given   line
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the arraylike and return the result as a dict .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  read   pillar

test:  check the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random chunk of a line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the version of the sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of the given response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   response
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark a responsable as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the contents of a file into a file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops from a vector3 loop and outputs it in a list of loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a listing on an empty bucket .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   disk
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  add   a

test:  run a pyflakes pyflakes for each package in a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  search   run
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if chef is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  return the factory for the specified key from the passed key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that user is member2 .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the given aes with the provided aes block .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether a given disk option matches the given minion_id or match .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  return   create
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a python property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  default function for creating pending synloop connection .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  null   a
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  constructs code from code source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  lay out a configuration value from the system .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can generate a file to use when creating an openvswitch functions in the context .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  patch version of django .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   thread
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the old connections on the user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage by tenant and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  attributes   quota
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if virtualenv is installed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a list of valid elements in the zero y_pred way .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the value of a given account .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  formats a polygon for comparing a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return file-like object until a file-like object is a file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random chars of source characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an shape to a given shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   shape

test:  complete complete view .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   null

test:  mdadm a job using the submitted sender of a specific configuration .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree tree and returns a dict of enveloped info .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that either not default||* .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  add fake hard-deleted to the python applications for vispy and level .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  downgrade   configure
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the list of random values from the duplicates of a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extract_diagonal(host_from_gpu()) -> gpudot gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of characters in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get chunk points within a harris coordinate .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   corners

test:  checks if a request is a ratelimited request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return event object to remote event .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   event

test:  renders a form for a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  password   password
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  normalize   format
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role by a course .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails requires the jenkins :jenkins-wikidocker plugin <slack+plugin> when using the build parser .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a given service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  safely open a fits file using the given filename .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  null   one
truth:  open   a

test:  check if the python version is a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  stores and contributors summary of a list of lxc summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on a file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the available co2 devices .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  page rendered by the api .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a python module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of view instances and returns a subset of view instances .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  displays all students for a particular resource .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  do   search
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  perform a string test for an existing technique on strings .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  test   need
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks if picks is picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a template sets .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the directory tree by spellchecking .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn all the card of a number of digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  function   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select two strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   string
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  mock the wrapped function to create a fake method .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function that forces the arguments in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   str
truth:  to   null

test:  safely decodes a string to unicode .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt have errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  forces a document for a given string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  convert   array
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contour is array shape=(number of int64 labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version of a schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  display   get
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name with the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue #599 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the first yaml text for the given node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  handle various interfaces lock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  unlock   stop
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cib-file from an object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  takes   method
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs the named source to be removed name the global location of the container to add to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  convert a mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  create   fasta
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  time   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  verify if python module has been configured .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  turns any comment admin admin into a comment admin view .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders a template into django %} %} sets .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  render   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the logging verbosity to error .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  config   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience function for creating a given class .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  create   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if using the supplied users .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for basic apps with appointments: which saml configurations have valid .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   series
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences of occurrences of a resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to a collection of a collection .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  null   a
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  stop   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all permissions cli examples: .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a content-range header into a tuple of range or range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  group the array of elements like a square .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a long to its associated byte string .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  depth   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  create new dashboard widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split a string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  clean the unicode of a string by splitting it in an splitting splitting .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   host
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create the command-line arguments that supports the command-line arguments listed in the user .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string is a valid python string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the squared sum of old-style .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets an error code which will be an integer .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion ensure that the job doesnt exist in the console log .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if a user is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a path of a path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string to hex color .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the name of the installer built by wininst command .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a notification event to the given event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  email   email

test:  join the value in a shell of a given width .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  read the oauth2 version of a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  import   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursively recursively process a string as a set of dicts .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  returns the intersection of a uniform graph with randomly chosen chosen .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization for the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create items from an xml tree .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a dataset specifies one sample sample .
truth: train model . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  model   model

test:  a connection a daemon allowing .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  stub   a
truth:  read   a

test:  displays the pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  run   contents
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return array of length len functions .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   profiler
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship for an api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of strings .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  arg   list
truth:  joins   a

test:  return a lexer for a lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  make   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the first namedtuple of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the different datatable will be ordered by an primary column .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the generator name of the input parameters .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all database statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that logs a task and all valid calls from a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   replacement
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the number of instances to display for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a page data structure .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: harness: client - worker start client - worker - worker - worker start start of all tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new activities dashboard in the list of activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  add a tool to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  base   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  compute the continuous complex basis of a tensor .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that the function needs a variety .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that our flags are ignored .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available sphinx .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  null   null

test:  millions x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   conversion
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data from a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  returns the output of the given token .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for all packages which have full package names .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  gather   details

test:  signature calls app_reverse() .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   use
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns true if a is a two host: b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt a chart image as a string using 3d 3d decomposition .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  do not use the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test unicode messages .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  require a git repository .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  display   a
truth:  show   show

test:  parse a command list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  uploads and merge a cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  file   a
truth:  -   -

test:  test that the tm evaluation of y evaluation .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate and return a new namespace .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  use a class to return the backend to use a given backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return the current user .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of unique nn elems .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a queue to a proper messages or kill it .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  called   exception
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that the specified period is installed with rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch a given libzmq file for a destination .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   aggregate
truth:  show   show

test:  deletes sort and sort values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   sort
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the binary search for a in the bin evaluation .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  null   share
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the current revision connection revision from the wiki document and formats it as a dict of raw 2 .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse the output of a list of strings .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  block   index
truth:  produce   a

test:  filter the source functions for a aggregates function .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   server
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the default database from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class instance from a module .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  format   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user object .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a vm .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids public activity for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a message and returns the following: and stripped of all newlines .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   verifies
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task to a relative time string as a relative datetime object .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process in the local process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns event transaction id for a given transaction .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tries to determine the content type of the accept header field is marked as well .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  get the current request for the given course_id .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a filesystem .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   directory
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the number of permutations of rows in a aws expression .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit header .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage adds support for the project .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   clamav
truth:  null   null

test:  unescape a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all the arguments in a list .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   return
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until it associated with a given project .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a list of variables that are in the same [d] as that field .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording configuration and start the current request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  update a list of blog posts blog posts into the template context .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  updating   get
truth:  update   update

test:  this creates a user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the unique key for the given target name .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for any non-singleton non-singleton .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort key .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  leading   string
truth:  translate   column

test:  tries to determine the disk image type for an image type .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   cleanup
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a single versions of a package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes message .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over the statements in the statement policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a log file with one of the sets of a set of the input values .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  call   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  return error -- gets suggested phrases -- attempted .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies arrays or source info to a destination input .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to get an brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  deletes a temporary directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a default signal map for the given name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a child command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   try
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the order mod mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a path into unicode representation of file system .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace record .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a number to an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  query   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a string of the named mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of non-zero elements in the array a to the sanitized .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   null

test:  take a pair of pathnames and return them as a dictionary of the xonsh function .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show a working records from a working records .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an integer if the response is true .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  if   message
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test default values of values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   filtering
truth:  default   default

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that value contains no whitespaces to prevent .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  force the given table and returns the parsed name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extract the html fragment from a refresh refresh by the file .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user to run the user to remove all of the user to run the user
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot filename .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method calls the class .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import and retrieve the database from a specified url .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  run   a
truth:  import   a

test:  determine neighbor to enter side_effect segments and return the first result .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   response
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the manifest files and their status .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate the value of a option option .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  create   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from a ubuntu .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  show a consumer .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for computing a dummy variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  private function used to compute mutual info .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the ip address of the current machine .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  remove indexes from a string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  look for valid credentials using the google api .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  profile   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the supplied template .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the certificates by name .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file and all its final atomic .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return an http response .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   fetch
truth:  download   download

test:  return tal channel data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to location a bug of data request .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  pass me a list of data and returns a list of data instances .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  clear the registry used by the current thread .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   parameters
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a raw tool shed url .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict describing all of the specified vm cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  returns a dictionary of given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file logs from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path string into a dataframe and a list of packed chunks .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  split   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  given images .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   read
truth:  base   base

test:  read a socket from a socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  constructs a warning that waits for available threads to read the server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a unique wcs from the given string .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of an organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy a test file to media path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  null   file
truth:  copies   a

test:  given a string for conventions: conventions: .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator for function which abstracts a function and return a dict of minion fun to identify the function called on the function fun .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification notification .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   send
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh umbrella page .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  applies   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns a temporary directory that is created .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clear the path between node1 and node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from resource in resource headers .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  constructs   read
truth:  update   update

test:  parses the yaml string using the yaml product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a single service to the specified module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  creates   variables
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a given year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  is   weekday
truth:  function   function

test:  download a node from a name or list of all packages cli example: .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of hosts in the specified host cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a browser widget for a worktree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  initializes   set
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that the scope with the global configuration name exists .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token for a request - calculates the csrf rotate purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  rotate   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the author of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  return   null
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - used for differential permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to the current page .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  get a step size for a given step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to take given function and file/run strings and processes them in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form that returns its html output .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compares the current version and returns a string .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  email   version
truth:  manage   paths

test:  retrieves an entity key for the given reference .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove a value from the minion datastore .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all the plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a script that depends on a python script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  prints mobsf and mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   download
truth:  create   create

test:  generator for batches of a generator .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   dask
truth:  splits   x

test:  gets the timedelta from the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the system supports tips and not .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates an instance of the space2depth save .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a model schema to a list of search entry for the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  password   converts
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a generator which offers a named temporary directory .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  yield   list
truth:  null   null

test:  internal helper function: plotting string .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  load   code
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to setup resource limits of emails .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with version information and return it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications delete webhook make sure deleting deleting project as deleted .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its absolute path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime to local time in time since the active time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the indexes of the zeros in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  function for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the string name of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  null   null
truth:  match   match

test:  read the file stats from directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  return   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked pandas flocker .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   callback
truth:  test   test

test:  find a python traceback given a list of lines .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical notify critical from the console log in the console log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the complete occur from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if interrupt is no interrupt found .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  make   log
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create host interface according to the host .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  host   volume
truth:  create   new

test:  load a directory from a directory .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  loads   default
truth:  given   import

test:  test formatting a formatting method that hide hide info in formatting .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  calls   test
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  constructs   a

test:  adds an empty directory to the function .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a pydot name to a pydot number .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  create   a

test:  deprecated endpoint .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  read a category of entity table .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a modules setting from its name .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  extracts tasks and default tasks in a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the access token from the command-line arguments .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an data string like position in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the indexes of the first row with the given string x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert name to a column .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  call   fix
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for _ .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  save a raw filename into a string .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  doing   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generate a random discrete discrete discrete indices of the given number of stochastic indices .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q of the prime d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart supervisord and its managed network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a number .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the screen for the standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line options to create the user .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   default
truth:  create   create

test:  add endpoint complexes on the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the agent settings available for the service .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  list   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the instances of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the code is related to the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test that the given config can be loaded .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   params
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the default language for the current locale .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  string that a db name in a db .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   in
truth:  use   in

test:  create a scalar instance given its parent token .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check code code to be critical .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  code   code

test:  write the supplied string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  serialize   suspend
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked column in fill_values should only replace masked columns or masked columns or masked input .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the url has a valid url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  recursively delete a function that we want to change it .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   key
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the format that was uploaded with the given vim .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if a given loader is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create the default skipfield schema .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  default   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  run a node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  create   runs
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the file .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the user is *not* also usable as the returned object is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid complex complex to a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   complex
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  splits a list of heap objects into a manner .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tries to create a pipe line into the pipe line output .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a mock response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   response
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl mem_fence() example: # local group .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints host information about the host as json .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  convert passed condition to float .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the square matrix for square *m* .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  computes   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  get user by username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this returns a simple view that simplest stdin to run a custom response as a fixed request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fixes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  get all available outliers classes .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set repo to return remote url .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   parser
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  scans   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter rate rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true if the tree can be the implementation implementation .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a secret of the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid information for a grid file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  display   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all the available cost functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current cuda error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns the entity token corresponding to the xsrf key .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  access   in
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a reference to a given reference with a given reference or list of objects .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this make sure that the user can be either in the required .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  stops   install
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  alias for -min_elemwise{x .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  does   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the preferred output for the specified locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  null   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit page .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test using clickableimage class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   load
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a regex which determines whether a value is of a regex value .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  call   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the tag .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   temperature
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  print   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the column list of column names dont have a column in the column .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authenticate via pam .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get the list of users currently logged-in user .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing a mysql domains .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a list of module names from a module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the negative along an image and return the output along the nanoseconds output of the input along the nanoseconds output of the input image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  ensures that the first column gets one doesnt exist .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if the list looks like a list of types .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  format datetime object for iso8601 format .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can init the current process .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  squares fit a division-by-zero regression problem .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path to the server .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a user exists without downloading the desired password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  access   generate
truth:  null   a

test:  outputs a stylesheet based on the media_type of the passed context .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   source
truth:  tag   tag

test:  uses getindexedtimezonenames to return the non-normalized of two continuous values .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register all this user unification .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   accept
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   context
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts data types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parse a python identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   constructor
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  for getfilesforname() files that match the distribution name .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to compute the shape of a given variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return preferred environment for the requested preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache for the contents of the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  return list of available status from url .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  null   status
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a boolean array .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the lsi - bbfunc spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches all emails which are available as complete .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  be   null
truth:  is   null

test:  allow for a user to have a staff attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads a numpy array of type labels into a one-hot mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all repositories from the user and their status .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert all unit tests and force them to a set of client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  return   find
truth:  load   load

test:  create a default type for a py type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  default   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates an event against a database validation .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if a user exists without downloading the default password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersections to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey name into a requests name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  force the given path for the given temporary path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  resolve   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition content-disposition using the contents of a response .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the censored value of a tar_file .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest snapshot of a snapshot by copying all most recent values .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pick   pick

test:  add add to the scatter object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  run   input
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate specific qos specs for specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  get a specific organization .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters specs : array_like .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the status module is installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the dlls file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a device belongs to a real device .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this handler is run when the message starts with a eventlet .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of admin templates from the collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  given a actual description of reading transport .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  null   summary
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test reading a suffix file extension in the database .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert unix timestamp into a unix timestamp .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module of the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   null
truth:  running   running

test:  write an md5 file to the file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  generate   in
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  given   a

test:  resolve all matchobject matchobject for the matchobject - collect a dict .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  null   entries
truth:  module   module

test:  collect all the shells on a given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice using data from a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   read
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  database migration to check if the databases version contains a database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of protcols url data .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically into a list of 64 .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames case to spaces .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts iterable to a list of tuples .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  checks to see if used is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  return   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a list of rules name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  convert weekend weekday to holiday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  converts   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  modify all the dicts of the config option and return a dictionary with the value of all the parameters .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  returns   constructor
truth:  generate   generate

test:  stop a machine by name and power through a console session .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  function   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  load gate .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  return the install migration records :return: none if no request has been seeded .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  return   default
truth:  clear   null

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge and try to get its $catalina_home/bin/digest .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  used   test
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize a previously 383: attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the decimal locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter a dictionary to filter parameters .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   spline

test:  executes commands for command-line arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  transform   matching
truth:  command   command

test:  get the folders items for a queue history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python files in the package and its subpackages :type package: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces dont block when given condition is created .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if we are running on a host cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   null
truth:  show   show

test:  make a version of a calling string .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  output   split
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the grains of a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string representation of the given text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return time string representation of time struct for eigen .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate text to a custom "stack" .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a transaction is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter datacenter datacenter name cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill an diagonalization diagonalization to the enocean type .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  normalize   generic
truth:  assuming   a

test:  runs a background process and adds cmd to the process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current hardware state of the server .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  decorator for tests which do not use the named file .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  like   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that causes a method with the decorated method .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: publisher specifies the url scm repository for this job .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  url   url

test:  login using markdown .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  use   null
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of columns after grouped by grouped .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of a given array .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of all the public projects that have affected projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache the .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that forces a function in order to convert a width .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  construct a dictionary of environment variables for the current environment vars .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  locate   sets
truth:  supply   null

test:  retrieves the best number for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively set a given directory to a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  create   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compile a client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  if   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to the user .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull changes to a remote remote host .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  find   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the template tag with the static_url setting and appends the template tag to a variable .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data structure of the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a content-type like authorization into a corresponding overlapping header value .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   syntax
truth:  parse   parse

test:  maximum absolute value of array elements .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the sha-1 of a given key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  return   build
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  update   course
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the payment payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  null   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays a list of app for the current app .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a regextokenizer with the given suffix from the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if obj is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  softmax activation function for the [-1 .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  errcheck -> unicode encoding get the locale name .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs to output the input_seqs input_seqs .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  eat = *log(x)* .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  read   head

test:  force a json list to a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function for computing the euler function of a multivariate gaussian distribution parameters n : array_like .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume an iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  iterate   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  format a human-readable string as a human-readable aware datetime object .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  deletes delete headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   otu
truth:  testing   testing

test:  resample distribution .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about the xblocks available about all available about the xblocks and its children for the printing printing .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart rendering with a none chart .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the viewer status for a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest real and complex functions .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path can be a link to a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  this is needed to have precision and between the difference between two integers .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given function that was last modified .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata for the specified key .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start a machine by name cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   in
truth:  start   start

test:  given a paginated .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the given module using the specified plays .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse zeros as tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  see   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration according to the authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  list the python installed packages .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the certificate of a key/value pair .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   verifies
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a disk virtual machine to a given virtual machine name the vms to be passed as the object to the given virtual machine cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  folders object as a python object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  make   objects
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the first search matches .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  search   a

test:  recursively collects a files zip file at all submodules of a given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  automatic automatic an github issue where the same package is just a book for a specific package .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list containing the data of all grouped data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for the english article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple with the correct basic basic user header and the values of the basic basic header .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  allow   user
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load from the specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  provides exception handler for the proc system .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  view   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using an downhill downhill .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  set the controls for controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  test   bundle
truth:  controls   controls

test:  install setuptools and post_save hook .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   install
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an existing activities to the given collection type .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  send   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new api service with a given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati 1st order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show pexpect .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require setuptools and filter tool .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the conjugate-transpose of a matrix examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a class and parse it into a message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain configuration of the current certname .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generator function to generate a generator of a given namespace .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  null   no
truth:  return   a

test:  construct name from volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gem gem .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of strings .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  pairs   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line distance by the start of the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a subsets from a breadth-first .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a list of brew instances that were not built by the given path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure valid utf-8 string is not a valid utf-8 encoded version string .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for a specific region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  bad only if big is needed .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   calls
truth:  -   -

test:  return a generator for all build .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp dhcp file for dhcp .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add the logger for a newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  null   task
truth:  null   a

test:  given a product of n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical ip address to an integer .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert utc time string to utc format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inverse

test:  used to verify a database mount to be done by the generated generated from a series .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  reports   back
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: indicator version of execute_table5 .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows you to provide results in tox for a build in the build .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   tox
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario name .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   length
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test event bug matrix .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a path to a file: name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  map   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async version .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson decimal128 to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  yield x_0 of a step path based on step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  does   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the summary of a file extension .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  return   python
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add linear linear bearing value .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  free each namedtuple of nt and return a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  mock   find
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run all query parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  run   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store specified file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  append a list of parameters to the provided list of all parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  expected   sort
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verifies that all files returns a relative format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  retrieve policy data from datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open and remove the dpcp file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  to   bottom
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups of groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure the line column has a new column that has a new argument .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return a mainframe .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  to   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  retrieve info about a remote object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verify that a given certificate matches the given certificate or der .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 bucket that are ignored .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  show all the word static for the given word .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up and return information about session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  speed the fill file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the karma query for mysql .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test for a test this is not a valid test .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  testing   stmt
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a file system and applies it to a cron cron if it exists .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  find mapreduce from current directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for caching functions .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files and all its submodules .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  file   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  log unhandled configuration options .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  shows   key
truth:  have   null

test:  return the python shell shell widgets for the current python shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a subset of various blocks to a native structure .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  build   description
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs the geos command line application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   launch
truth:  create   create

test:  build a gd mime type for a specified filename .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   tags
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the wmf raster :arg int .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations violations of the list of violations and python violations which are missing .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings as a gettext message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  use this to create a custom delimited response .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a a filesystem import archive import .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resizes the parent of a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator that returns a list of lists of all documents of lists of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up the gpu class for a given cuda type .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the bank .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  connect to a mongodb connection or the server cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the return: backend for a given backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse optical volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  log a page that prints a request of the request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   log

test:  replace all the text content of markdown text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return rvm version of rvm .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  unlinks using w/in functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   async
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with caret .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function for getting documentation of pixels .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  to   json
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds timed info to a given user .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  add   in

test:  strip plaintext and syntax from plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   a

test:  return indices by subtracting .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   matrix

test:  makes a 2d function of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the unique notebook notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user by name .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with the given code key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix module that are not within django .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  delete   block
truth:  replace   division

test:  tells the event events of a test .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  register   callback
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directories in dirlist dirlist to the list dirlist dirlist if 1) is not already dirlist in dirlist 2) 2) 2) dirlist to be stubbed .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   add

test:  inspect a directory container container id container id container id container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  returns   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function wraps a string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a virtual machine .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given package name is installed on site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  compute   updates
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree to an integer .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two non-nested and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a string with the valid name of the backend .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the attributes of the string as a dictionary .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a real path name to a real path name .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  load   render
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the given fields .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff forbidden is a session limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  convert   apply
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  array   find
truth:  return   rgb

test:  determine if a path exists on the system .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a module or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  calls   set
truth:  try   try

test:  add sample to the corresponding allocated_id .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  close all prime number that cant have different constant x .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  takes   order
truth:  verify   null

test:  same as a inheritance inheritance .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node and add it to the given node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description for a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of disk devices .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  ping   shapes
truth:  send   a

test:  check whether the user can access the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register all the trigger action info .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the message for a given status .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  error   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler for this module .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if some argument is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  asserts   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  is   params
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating content for the given content type specified by the calculating module .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown all available package and log the proxy eliot eliot configuration .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and show the fltk mainloop for this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts error messages from an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  to   null

test:  read metamorph header from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   elementnode
truth:  read   read

test:  given a list of paths .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  need   need

test:  render the given json object .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   a

test:  executable the current user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample image using l1loss .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add an queries to an existing query .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   network
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  null   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate the username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  raises   a

test:  find non-linear size of a polynomial red .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces are unique namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy files to its destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   files
truth:  source   source

test:  format a float to float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  tries to find the version of the version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  raise a http request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a full-featured table for a column table with wrong columns listed in the table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   instances
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check the unsupported channels of unsupported channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  take a string and a list of dicts .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert exception thrown by the default arguments to a function .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  null   collection
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a number to an int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  transforms a list of requests to check if the pci alias are requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  translate   new
truth:  complete   generate

test:  compute the number of lines for a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  filename   interface
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the caches cache .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer value from a random number .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  returns   m
truth:  function   function

test:  it doesnt use the context was registered in the context .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove all files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  file   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  set the flag to be updated in the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  gets the snapshots metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the given flag to check if a specific category is valid .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  retrieves information about the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an authorization code snippet .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   a
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  resize a test module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  to   format
truth:  build   html

test:  convert a date from quarter to a base .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   date

test:  sync an exception level error message setting the unsigned exception level .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  causes   exception
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress some common mlp on a trail file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  customize intended to be a compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   inject

test:  given an object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the region codes for country codes by country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create module file with the given paths .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list data in a monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  list   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare a class with a class interfaces .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  search for use of elasticsearch to search for a search search use .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  do   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration exploration :return: string: .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current permission permission for the given builtin .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  if   characters
truth:  check   check

test:  parse an headers from a header header into tuple .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  given   headers
truth:  build   a

test:  get a list of parameters for a particular type .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  moving   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get an http password from the user or module .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a function for order n elements .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the mysql error messages .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  return   print
truth:  look   in

test:  create a map from a list of grub objects .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  given   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings returns a compiled unicode object .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the kaiserord width of a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  return the unicode text for the given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  converts   lines
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a given storage exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a name of the api with the provided name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert s to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  save header mapping to current in-memory requests .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  gather the host information from the host object .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  searches   parameters
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate obj using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for change of quota to extraction_path .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the cpu usage for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure the parameter passed in looks like a filesystem name .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  give   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  move old images into old directories that are run in the webserver webserver .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  update   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require pootle language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  require   null

test:  train a running process with a given actor of actor .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse parsed http info output .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  lookup   one
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  svn   part
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function used by js and convert the function to desired args .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera function for dft measure measure .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   table
truth:  perform   null

test:  get the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  small small small function .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests that the tpot cli tool should be zero .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags removed .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a comma-separated tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url is a safe safe string .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the signature .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   sys
truth:  function   function

test:  get a set of all markdown extensions that can be registered with a particular status .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a config parsed into a label .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a view that wraps the items of an action to see related .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  load   wrapper
truth:  null   replacement

test:  helper to average for relaxed a relaxed relaxed relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  write a file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks whether a user permissions exists .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load test fixture by name/alias .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  loads   find
truth:  provide   a

test:  list lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  if the pagination api is currently being created .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse samples using a dense inverses .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   test
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  return the loc .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  print   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run makemessages and return le dict for parsed timestamp .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the computenode method used by the capacity and populates a new computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the registry .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  ask   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get the visible text for a key .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  opens   hosts
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the z-wave climate platform .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  gets a list of synonyms from the system .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses ml headers and returns a simple http headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email with reject accept .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of number of connected connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  custom registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  function   template
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  delete a table of pem instances .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  calls a method returns the connections on the server .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  call   a
truth:  set   set

test:  given a path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string of encoded expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  parses   string
truth:  null   foo

test:  default await handler for await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  output   image
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to ~astropy .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service from the virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   server
truth:  add   a

test:  append a list of admin templates into the database .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  null   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a colormap instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a running container container container timeout timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform a dictionary to a dict for use in creating an entity model .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  model   model

test:  traverse a symbol and fetch all environ data structure .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   null
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   null

test:  enable the given api function or returns it if api was enabled .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   attributes
truth:  enable   enable

test:  read text from the filename .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the title container policy name for the container index .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  return character name .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  print   requests
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  function   use
truth:  use   use

test:  read a line from source file and return a list .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the contents of the words in the given words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  normalize   elements
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report and return as a string .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  lookup the address and return the content .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website for a given manifest .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given function for a given asset/date/column .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that the slicing model works with parameterless .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given list of headers are the expected .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  signal   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for builder object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   github
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that allows arbitrary symbol to be disabled .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  existing   header
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the object has a method parameter .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  match   a

test:  simple class to detect if ipv4 address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  error checking for the shell error .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to a given palette using the given palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  make   a
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string/key of "b" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra info dict to get rid of a dictionary .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   seq
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in a human readable form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a decorator for a type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   default
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the module - used by role_required for the module - used by role_required "restart - all outbound outbound first for the module name of the rest
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the corr .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a text by name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module and produce a module .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete an inventory inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add certificate certificate from site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   custom

test:  convert the given data to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   datachars
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge list of dictionaries by adding a sequence of dictionaries to each item in a dictionary .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  returns true if the given host is a breach policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given the db type .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container and delete it on the given containers .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  custom view to allow json headers to job status .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  sort   headers

test:  return a global handle to prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the sections process .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the native native type .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  read   complex
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal method for run_in_executor() .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the rate of the global two rate instances .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  run the command line interface .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  wrap   callback
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to create a temporary tmux attached with a random clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if we are using control and database .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   return
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list all languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  import   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute to an object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  escapes   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template into a tree of parsed descriptors .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and ratio support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a cache ref .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  determine the set of time a deployment file .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets the template for the template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the url string of the url passed to the given url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  null   null

test:  leading/trailing leading/trailing .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy idle .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to verify that a workflow workflow is just created .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  return a bytestring of the given data with the given key .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate module and state in the background .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  used   null

test:  output the jupyter version of the python interpreter .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  capture   null
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstalling a package from reqs .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  similar to l{bytes} .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  null   return
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the process starting with the given pid .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can detect nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with testing default parameters required for wsgi defaults required by wsgi defaults required for required purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a 2d matrix to a matrix of 2d matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  make sure the test case would use a set of tests .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together the nullable type works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable writeable to help with passed arguments .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  read   context
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a numeric tree that can be used as a tree of the given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a context manager used by the given context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a list of option instances .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print integer .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  updates a branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns an item by name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prints a set of fields that raise a warning if there are no arguments .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert source file to a generator of sub records .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  return   format
truth:  read   a

test:  start the site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   mariadb
truth:  help   help

test:  transform a curve keypair based on a system .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  assert   list
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day summary of a single day summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  pad the extension to an array .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings of the two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  count the sum of elements of an array-like to the other value .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   sort
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the expected_changes should be inside one of two axes .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  check that an object has a html field with the database .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  return   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a differential equations differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a human-readable message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  given   null

test:  detects whether the specified path is a global system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  returns   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  for true/false .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  return   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  gets a proto-prefix: version of two or inside: objects .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the source string at the two left filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   code
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if two visible are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test for default paths that tries to find out if ssl .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a upper .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  extract   date
truth:  if   check

test:  expression : assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   status
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific object cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate shared updates for each shared variable .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  stacks   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  retrieve links to render the current footer platform .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of product objects for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete one table where servers and variables within a table .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by specified amount of possible amount of packages .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  null   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get an os external 2-tuple of a platform-agnostic external external data directories for tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read column filter from a column .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the hex file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a wsgi example module and returns the output one .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  display the wavefunction field of a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  null   integer

test:  set absolute path to the default currency by which attributes settings .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the current mission file .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call fn a function using keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   call
truth:  calls   calls

test:  just compute commands representing all steps for a given tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set up the root password into which to inject the given admin password into the filesystem into the filesystem into the base password is returned by admin_password .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  detach   helper
truth:  read   in

test:  loads our plugin plugin into our filepath .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  only load that boto exist on posix-like systems .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  set   set
truth:  load   load

test:  copy a snapshots to one volume to another volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   contents

test:  open or set the icon of an object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  bits : list of lists for each block in block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  iterate   cloud
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list in a user .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a sql statements in database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  multivariate linear normal pdf of the residual model .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  generate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check that the given system exists .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  take a dictionary of variables and create them from a dictionary .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  match   a
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original form .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   handler
truth:  present   null

test:  return a domain name for the given port .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prints bytes of byte string .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  gets   encode
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  handle   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a lc in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group ids .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model as a csv string .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles of current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all callable from their sources that contain a dict .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document for a given request or fail if no document doesnt correspond to a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a deprecation warning to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new types .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  allow other user to allow other than this document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set up a path to getter using latest information .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a standard json index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed destinations .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  given a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a single encoding of a expression into a one-hot expression .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   get
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle attributes .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   null
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a tab .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate series expansion of the series domain from f .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the tensor input along a given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate a regular expression .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  unsubscribe   dhcp
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  split   return
truth:  null   method

test:  writes idle .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  extend   show
truth:  show   show

test:  provide a value for the entire db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a context value .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  split   a

test:  update the task for when creating a configuration file .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return a short name of the plus or salt-minion .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   acl
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare files that match all modules or more file names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a modbus server and start a modbus modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  build a data file from request using http api .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add an element of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   use
truth:  add   add

test:  process the system .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  file   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set the saml behavior of saml events in the :return: rfc822 .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   time
truth:  set   state

test:  return the corresponding op instance of the given word .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  displays the recent changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  print   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or integer to a given precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for a conditionally method on a specific selinux decorator .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  patched   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  project   project

test:  fail unless two token are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  verify   accessor
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  split pattern in the series/index by given number of pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   datetime
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a url and pass it to a given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   a

test:  installs latest requirements for a revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  build   pick
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate configuration directory and use git input to calculate the system parameters: configuration files and to use .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  converts   searches
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  return   set
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial measurement complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob and yields a blob of the fixture .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a task .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  betai() is a way distance between 2 and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   distance

test:  converts a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  decodes   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the point table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a numpy array .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct an endpoint server server from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an argument limit for the rate limit .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   set
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a tuple .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if a api resource is a set of api url .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  look for naptr for gateway gateway and *y* .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test one bundle codes .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  fixture   call
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test that assigning to a few datetime .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   constructor
truth:  test   date

test:  set header for the vary header in the vary header of the response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  order   set
truth:  add   a

test:  normalize the signed parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   get
truth:  sign   sign

test:  causes the score_set signal to be set when the next page is changed .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debug function for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  if   event
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  this function is for use in the back-end api .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  -   cache
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run tests using an otu method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  correlation   inspect
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  squared   mean

test:  shows if a cohort is cohorted for a course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a unique element with unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  iterates   string
truth:  create   a

test:  default implementation of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group home page .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  show   command
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collect and collect a master config from haproxy and return it .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  collects   status
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag whose value must be any module to the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  read a 4-byte encoded byte string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a dict of using using using the facts version file names .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  output   null
truth:  get   current

test:  return value of an arbitrary matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config dict for precompute items of requested config file .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   function
truth:  return   info

test:  use an oauthtoken to return true if the value is a string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns an item from a queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta value to fractions of time zone .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   density
truth:  convert   a

test:  register an oauth auth for a user .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  list   app
truth:  register   register

test:  get the base64 encoded text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   function

test:  evaluate a list of evenly scores .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  test   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given an object and a fully qualified class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of newest addresses defined on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current disk disk bytes for a given directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing an outer-product -> none .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token from the remote token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and values .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the necessary dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  scale a bem subject subject to a bem subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  matches against user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns a single sysctl parameter to install *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object field of axes .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  null   value
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a simple wrapper for hashable .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  close   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common divisor .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw the graph g for a try: layout .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated user representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  assumes   implements
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a == b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the page to use the page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  null   page
truth:  adds   null

test:  save information from the flavor object and stores them in a dict .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a static f-statistic function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  int   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the site-packages directory .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a string encoded with binary data .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  takes   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events and start the salt process .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  start   start
truth:  to   null

test:  add to the string s so that it can safely be added to the attribute of other to the string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  log a message if the given raised when this exception is raised .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   shows
truth:  if   null

test:  wrapper for term() .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  to   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  adds sqlite to the number of seconds to episode .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  returns   max
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: syntax with scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  fixture   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the user authentication from http response .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  token   download
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code found in the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle matrices by dimensions .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  histograms histograms of data points together .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create a new vhd that boolean specifying whether the filter removed .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap c{sys stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of exception entries .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  searches   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  upload files to the tests using the goodness of the controlconnection module .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  setup   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  in start .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will be correctly for the current init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets a list of pending checks that were last updated between two configuation .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  translates the user to a given structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  load   print
truth:  null   a

test:  decodes a string using pants .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  text   text
truth:  function   function

test:  github issue #576 .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  to   use
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning a package which defines editable .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  password   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a sequence of the spans of sequence from a series of percentage .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse a date/time format from the supported supported by the date into a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree string .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  remove the overridden hook .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the minpoly product of polynomial given an iterable of dictionary-to-object-translation .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues a power-cycle server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  start   password
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an arcsin distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reads the contents of a file as a generator .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker installation by calling certificate and their required plugin .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  use the non-string non-string to find the multiple sorted by the column .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  compute   message
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a parseauthorization filter to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  check   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and not used anymore up up the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  function   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of queue() groups associated with an account cli example: .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a shell-escaped version of path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prepend   null

test:  return what services should be sent over current user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  null   send
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx that can be used as a snapshot for a given field .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  print a list of available interactive managers .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if variable is shared .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table table columns when selecting multiple columns from table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if info looks like a sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the autocorrelation of an input vector .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the loggers loggers loggers for a standard configuration file .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  use   use

test:  properly decodes a python module name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  hacked is a string which checks if the specified model also stores it to and returns a string .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot with .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  assert-like tree api .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  look for the first two open products in a shell list .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  select   null

test:  writes text for a graph to the graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  print   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that the cache its possible to process a cache storage by arch .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  determine if the unique processor exists .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  main function to inject all files in the file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  null   file
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the default value of the live library .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   null
truth:  error   error

test:  view function that automatically execute an api request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception handler on an exception .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  tests   exception
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a kegg file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices slices slices for kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  it should run a single module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - used for searching for adding/editing .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  given a geometry object .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float as float from file .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   shapes
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of all uploaded line numbers .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  to   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test correct pretty print .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   post
truth:  set   set

test:  remove a specified user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers and the state of a deployment object .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label encoding that appear in each channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  select   null

test:  factory function that handles a urllib2 middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  access   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple case for arrow that preserves support for a given replacement .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  return   string
truth:  generate   generate

test:  flatten a python object into a string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  string   string

test:  completely clear svnfs cache cli example: .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   in
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a summary of the default summary for a workflow .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of iterable .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the disk block size of the disk block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  return a c^2 class by name .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   -
truth:  to   attempts

test:  a creation of two pipe-like objects .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   numpy

test:  see a function is used to set a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  writes a component to the file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the summary script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  used   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package using exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  used   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of events to represent the provided time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  make   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  do proper formatting of api 302 .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return random string representation of an random number generator .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  print the event name of the current vm .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   class
truth:  print   event

test:  returns a context manager which will be using the given buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a scipy scipy or a boolean true if the supplied string is a canonical canonical .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  convert   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  load components of search documents from search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a bson x encoded string into a float .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge course_module: of installed doc .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   app
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the url for the course position args: course_key: str position returns: value of the course position position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all users with the user names .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  if   time
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  log   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get an instance policy for a role name .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the current releases system is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version of func() if the func() version is either tk or tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificates in the text file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator to verify a function against a string .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  escapes   list
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a fake recognized path to a symlink .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a generator of non-zero elements of n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the coordinate representation of the y system input coordinate representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  input   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a specific review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current snapshot of the given mode .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete attachment_specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  loads a module and applies it to a module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the command line and return a _schema .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  recursively walks attributes and do attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  function   selinux
truth:  translate   rest

test:  find s3 object in the s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return the response for a particular question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  takes   fixture
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string using the current locale .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns time zone of a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert distribution .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  call   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  remove invalid values .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for an already providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  parse arguments to a callback .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to output .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  install   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  subsamples type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  turn a sympy expression into a compound .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test if we can cast to cast to cast multiple times .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  simple non-unc module name .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  make   x
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given a random column of the vector vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  specified   attempt
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of emailmessages statements for each chain in a chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info account for the container container source .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  a decorator that makes given function abstract .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the latest image name for a distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the site .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   one
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add an contributor to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  load the given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  require   start
truth:  save   state

test:  return bytes in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  yield   format
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this function will run a test heroku .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of messages on a socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   data
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the username and password authenticate for the service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest repository revision for a repository revision .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   uuid
truth:  return   return

test:  convert unicode to s3 utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  wait to indicate that the command output contains the given text .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as they want to identify all types as they unix
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  converts a string to a list of draft_nodes .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that a column of t[a] is a column that is a table qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  returns a list of supported mid from year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  get   network
truth:  returns   dict

test:  issued version of a github_link response object .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   params
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups groups as groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  inverse of the expression .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  unicode   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories and delete any left empty intermediate ones .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  like   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new version for the latest version string .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator for functions that accept a function as parameter .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  func   func

test:  read meg meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic inverse list_identities .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  search   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an access token for the given token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name to the group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  midpoint over period .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   bands
truth:  null   exponential

test:  if a directory exists .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if there is a development development development of expressions .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  run a remote command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  keystone a client for a credentials client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the l2 projection of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if the address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if a graph has a isoread tool .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  checks that the user is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute a key for a video .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contact the packages after the almost that has been *cluster* .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  support   search
truth:  given   a

test:  create the distance matrix from a given shape of shapes shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   shape
truth:  give   null

test:  matching the function into a cipher object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue quantity .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds the data to an ext2/ext3/ext4 collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   data

test:  ensures that the arguments given in the arguments are not positional .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the supported gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a implementation of the implementation of the given function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  processes all configuration file with the given configuration .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that expects a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object into a string .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the default potential type for a given system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert object to an object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract global values from iban dictionary .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  create a list of xml strings .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test as test class used to set the test method as a function .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  gets a named entry from a named pairs args: named : the named results to query for .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   values

test:  build a pmap for a given model and add it to a list of class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   list
truth:  serialize   a

test:  called by the top namespace .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  default   default

test:  change the database manager to use .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  arrays   remove
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if a vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  authenticate against a realm .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  create   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the list of configuration errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a temporary file with the given path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a system needs to be rebooted .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data to be used with the clipboard header .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks to see if the slug list is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   lists
truth:  check   slug

test:  return true if two characters are actually preprocess in a search query string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  performs   search
truth:  search   search

test:  get register id for project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  project   project

test:  get a compute migration migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  given   a

test:  arrange a list of slicing for each node .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the last modified order .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn an object to be a row of objects .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  obj   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all keys belonging to a module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing candle keyword arguments are shared variables and keyword arguments .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  token   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the full version of the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media that will render the player in the player system .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events in the template folder .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the asymmetry of a given image .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   measure
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string for the linux machines .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wiener filter parameters .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show all images uuid : string uuid of show information cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  start   display
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parse a string like the major and return a python version string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check that all of the entrance exam has the given exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that the "stack" methods need to be subclasses of subclasses of subclasses of subclasses is on a sharedmethod .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a dict of setter methods for a given set of info .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only works if given object has a specific attribute :type color: str .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return expression of s .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute harris response for a complex image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   harris

test:  given an object c{obj} .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  access   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   a

test:  look for a package in it .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a form of a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the server is running on the server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a host and an entry .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a txt record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  view view .
truth: location view . 
test:  null   items
truth:  view   view

test:  send email or sends a message to an error .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   create
truth:  copied   null

test:  test for a new attributeerror .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores from a map file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   price
truth:  read   a

test:  return ]assert .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  win   null

test:  process all chain_pem in the given directory with the given name .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder functionality .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  using   containers
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints all the commands in the database .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   information
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  load a *v* library name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  default   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  reads the most recent atomic atomic atomic .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  put   run
truth:  null   variant

test:  deprecated version for has_studio_write_access .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which checks if a topic is in the same as a test .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of all available extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   breadcrumbs
truth:  get   get

test:  load a document and return a dict of documents .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate specific qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  get the dictionaries of a given function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the python type for a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   null

test:  remove the url and the distribution from the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: builder this plugin allows you to capture code for use with a build in the build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for supply contacts contacts .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  swap   frequency
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores a configuration file using the database .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   verifies
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  expression a polynomial expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to s3 .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that polar text from polar polar polar polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test our lib .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if obj is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : parameter_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students to an s3 problem for a course containing all students students in a course and upload files for download for
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  are   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  compatibility helper function .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  change   variable
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a signature exists .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the matrix to use for each element of the matrix .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plot   pillar
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  bytestrings all numa instance in the members .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  turns   compute
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the in-db compatibility function works as well as a module .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the whole output contains only a whole status modules that would occur .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  passing   null

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates that host and raise an error if it does not match .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  try to get the different types of an entry in the document which has an initial initial initial architecture .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements in serializers time .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  compare   elements

test:  creates a url string by / each url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check that search information are dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  search   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  set up a tree object .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  download   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify function from a function .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  given   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  return the n-th harmonic oscillator of order n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  computing   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all babel tables from a table by their table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   setting
truth:  modifies   null

test:  get a list of files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute summaries for more [low helper .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  attach   a

test:  transform a set of entity into a rotation object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the decorated extension of the decorated extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download a dictionary of commands and wrapper by running the osrspatialreference module .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if the list looks like a list of types .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text support is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  null   key
truth:  default   default

test:  constructs a list of dtrace dispatcher for the given option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  choose   null

test:  just ensure this does not throw a file with an error .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  watch   test
truth:  files   files

test:  landing page for zip .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  format   format

test:  look for a git revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : command .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  a helper to hierarchical hierarchical hierarchical .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  deprecated   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  argument preprocessor calls with wrong argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a dictionnary model of func given func .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute horner of f and the terms of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  null   f
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  limit   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get a pair of random string by -1 .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the resource output contains n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  apache the list of sorted by filtering filtering on a graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns a order of pairs in the pairs in the pairs of a vowel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   part
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app for vispy .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'lineoffset'] works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple replacement for the mysql api .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  split expression using agg into a leaf using coordinates .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password handler .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  password   password

test:  override this timeout to the timeout of the specific timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  find   create
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop that have shop as shop .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the cached caching codes .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value of the package in the installed version .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse value from a json python object into a python dictionary .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  value   code
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with the given number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  calculate   dictionaries
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find out the package name from the given python module name .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all files which are deleted to be removed .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encode an string to a list of acl acl .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns a description of lines of a list of lines of lines of lines from a list of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert mean .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  takes   multiply
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: ci-skip allows you to define rvm for certain builds .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the surface distance between the surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  null   surface

test:  use the zmq .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  run and return wrapping wrapping tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  specified   file
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe content from the given user and update it to the tag .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  int   null
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image file exists .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group backend by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  given a locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  view   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return connection to the i3 .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the ids of the updated instructor for a given instructor .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the appropriate time for a user .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   changes
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the index of a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  find   tuple
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and exception object .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  if the current configuration is background and on the given depth .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of dev files found in tar .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a lazy lazy just using existence .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a generator of subgraph components in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  recursively process templates and all templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a components of prob .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert the list of tuples to a dictionary of positional arguments .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  null   list
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the loss between the target and the results .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  extend migration migration to the current job .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   migration

test:  this function will return a specific configuration logger for the duration of the package .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add apf from site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  email   load
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an instance of a configuration .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  returns   plugin
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a list of handlers from a list of text handlers .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  indexes array by applying vector to fixed axis amenable .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to convert a connection object into a python object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph of a simple turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read lines from file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for itself to be changed .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  create   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  null   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the workflow and all workflow .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is any of the given marketing names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the description of a mime description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  prints the pprint for an object .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  replaces any _next quotes from one of the codename pyvmomi .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  strategy that emits portfolio to strategy .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  null   event
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the named vm is running with name of the cpu cpu is running .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  stops a vdi and returns a vdi that can clone the vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  clones   a

test:  format an error message to a message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   error
truth:  to   method

test:  set up html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  works   convert
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  to   decorator

test:  private method updates the history history .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  to   file
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optparse parser for options group -- assumed -> xml parser -- generic value to be converted to an optparse parser -- if options is not provided .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a new quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  this script is blank .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set the given config .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   points
truth:  set   gl

test:  update the attributes of an instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if groups is correct .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   legend
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the cookiecutter with a cookiecutter not import .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  provide   module
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the absolute path for a package .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a function as a view mode that set the given view mode to not be run .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a message topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a decorator for a decorated test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns list of problems objects from courseware file .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert float to lux parameters raw str .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of parser configuration directory .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if a service is available cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve an understandable line from jinja error error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update no environment variables defined by the environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  match   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dict for each row in an oversampled .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single port into a list of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a process to a command .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return difference of seconds that are migrated by seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  to   system
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  clean   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  given an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test user using verify_user function .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  lift   merging
truth:  purging   test

test:  given a list of exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset asset random version for the given user .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges for all ranges in a workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   worksheet
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this dir .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest tag of the release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  create   list
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script that will be removed .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  reverse a reverse command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  server   part
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find a sequence of query objects in a query tree .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default size and default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  similar to fail_unless_raises .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  require that the extra function used as well as well .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of user names in which a user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   set
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run all the tests from a test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   link
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns an image object using three letter id .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the definitions from template string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   a

test:  check whether a function scope a function node is used .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  simulates a action to the queue .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set up the bottle for an iterable that use with a set of ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a task object used to count an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a never coefficients .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   number
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the value of the salt cloud provider .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make an average class for a groebner groebner boundary .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  create   create

test:  julian polygon given static matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  rotates   tornado
truth:  given   a

test:  simple determine function which returns a copy of the given host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a report of servicepair .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  run   view
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the prefixed prefixed closure of the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts raw data to urlencoded processor format .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  to   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the query for the named service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a list of payment provider provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  construct   constructor
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy array into a serialized format .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   download
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields stats for stats :return: a random amount of stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   keypair
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable or disable entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  take a configuration value and return the appropriate type for the underlying type .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property cibfile additional options for creating a file containing the live cib cli example: .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  queues a user by their email address and provide it .
truth: keep user . 
test:  given   email
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a schemes method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  get an elb account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  encode a host string for an iri .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct type for a specific type .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of sparse .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  find   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find python library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  automatic installing a package that has specific extension for its specific specific .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dotted path to a dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the number of /usbkey/config .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   count
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to infer a valid content code for a specific locale .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  prints the command-line status .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   task
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a boolean .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to use for api queries .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a files name to a octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   implementation
truth:  support   support

test:  ensures the specified ogr is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  build a documentation of a given axis keyword arguments .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  does   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the request to the cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  allow   add
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the borrowed value of the borrowed .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter posts from a list of lowercase and creates a otus sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts db channel name to json format .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy implementation of keyword .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   declaration
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  select   null
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  template   delete
truth:  destroy   a

test:  take a list of sorted slices and take a new structure for each il or il .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return combined list .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets the python identifier for a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  constructs   target
truth:  build   build

test:  build a list of tuples into a list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff staff access to the course has access_level wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file path to a dotted path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable revision repository by the repository changelog and changeset encoded number of celsius to choose a repository revision for the repository revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiates a document or a normal element with a normal type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use with skill - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of sequence are *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the gallery from a mad filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  to   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the data from a bytestring .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits given array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask using dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  for a multivariate normal distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  list all available package names .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  null   list
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  escape   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  renders a link for a list of objects revisions .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two files in decorate-sort-undecorate .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the pep 302 status of a logical cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a timedelta to a timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  seconds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the resource endpoint for the resource endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   data
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if a function is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api api identified by a given name cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  recursively delete extra input api bytes .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  nested   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  get message name .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific module module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  string   instances
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return those items in sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if and only if the given view_type is present .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  if   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provide a set of files for the test case .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses the given course and return a course_key as a course_key pair .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  time   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confine   null

test:  install the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  instructs   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator for names of a test to suppress a way .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create compressed cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   content
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container info for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  rolls back a list of savepoint ids .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   back
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem query for a pem managed file .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   call
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly and has strongly regular regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode values from nt bits to fit read data .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  converts a given dictionary into a dict of not-found .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a queryset of issubclass calling calling for all related subclasses .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  shows a problem and its status as a dict .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   request
truth:  encode   optional

test:  mark an entire dashboard dashboard as mark .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  marks   call
truth:  mark   mark

test:  gpu local abstractconv image can be used to gpu a local ratio .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the host topology topology has been topology and criteria .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the id for the given listener .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  find the first element of an array and the element if its the element is less than or equal to the last element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  give a rule to make sure rule easier .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  support   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the host to remove a single host group that should be listed in the client .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  receives a draft that either f^p_n(l) or turns it into an object .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data for stock .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the user is configured with a simple comment .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  to   check

test:  return a list of packages which have been processed correctly .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  force   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query dictionary .
truth: return query string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie like cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parses   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an starting text and return a list of tuples .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation has started .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  calls   estimate
truth:  fires   a

test:  prints out which course tabs from the given course is allowed to given .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   implementation
truth:  prints   prints

test:  writes a list of 5 into a single image .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  copy   find
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the table lines of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  dummy function to off off off cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  see   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  format the input data for use with array of length arr .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   host
truth:  maps   maps

test:  add a property or name to the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the profile .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a python identifier for the target list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  see   node
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pw the affine affine transformation for an affine transformation .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return the cumulative line numbers of a line that indicate that has just been extracted .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  api method to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  mock a zip zip zip file to load a zip zip file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute coefficient connectivity for a given mapreduce .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  return all tests for the python source .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true/false whether a connection exists .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the euclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a list of strings to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  turn a list into a flattened list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  list   converts
truth:  list   list

test:  lash a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the yaml password from the environment and vary-on it .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   consul

test:  destroy the existing oauth oauth oauth link to the translation .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  patch translation matrix to translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  reads flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a descriptor for the subproject_slug test suite .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues a hash of system email messages .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   range
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  jaccard similarity of two vectors .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   transpose
truth:  null   similarity

test:  convenience function that instantiates a proper authentication url and returns a tuple of the given url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that name is not a valid integer .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull changes to the email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  email   email
truth:  runs   runs

test:  function to do a list of hardware hardware .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  train using autoencoder for training .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   circle
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a code to a string of patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of a response or an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  construct   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation mean .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an newtons type for a given element .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if a device is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  sets up a number of elements from each column .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  compares   hints
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all virtual machines on the provider .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   node
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article to one of its own groups? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  null   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get a pci device by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent of a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  host   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  builds an instance of the vanilla vanilla to be a string .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  single initialisation initialisation .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  attributes   point
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages in all api calls into a new build .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an object for the given listener .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list database group groups .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   asset
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure the test requeststate is changed .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  make   set
truth:  check   check

test:  return which user belongs to .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the given string matches the given host name .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  if   load
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  create   create

test:  notify a document from recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   lists
truth:  calls   a

test:  using all the process_request .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   version

test:  patches wrapper of unpatch .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  patch   custom
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the "friedman #1" regression problem this dataset makes a randomly random data for both reasons and words .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a epochs certificate to a too certificate .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  function   mariadb
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  render the celery settings for all settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   order
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by taking the order shape and scale each pixel .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write all files to a file in the specified cache list .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a calendar info .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts text to a tensorflow .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  build   build

test:  pads a 3d tensor with elements .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  split   function
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge all errors in errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find all possible matrices .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  optionally optionally bind a table to the table .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  bind   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find all possible expressions in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   indices
truth:  to   helper

test:  try to get data from data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be valid .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  function   tests
truth:  validates   validates

test:  anything of tuples .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute cross crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition partition to a partition must raise a new partition if it wont raise a valid partition .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  enters a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  saves   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more info for log info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   get
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for f/g .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  convert a 2d array into a base 85 .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  construct the availability seeds from a torrent file .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  locate   dict
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of information about all none from the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts all model objects to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the package .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  installs   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for open ports .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  return a handle to the most appropriate page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the start profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copy fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   duplicates
truth:  index   index

test:  return the service_client_name platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  factory to make a filesystem device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set out the user auth if authentication is configured .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  merge multiple extra arguments into one .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   default
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a release name and creates a release version .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  resolve   release
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  given a package in a setup .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  decorator that skips tests if algorithm is false .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the comment header of a comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   get
truth:  string   string

test:  test the test with an quteprocess process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a :class: .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  get   a

test:  custom solves function for errors .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  does   dicts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add an ssh public key to the ssh datastore .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop a file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display the html page for get_all_stats gradebook requests .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode text file into unicode parts .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  computes drange dstart .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test 96 and relative values in same dict .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format string representation of the format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if a port returns a number when given a number of port returns an l{int} .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a value is less than other memory .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the string representation of the currency according to currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the beacon to remove user to remove user the user to remove .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  enhanced area of dictionary means of array-like .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  computes   override
truth:  validate   validate

test:  show the contents of a file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  read   helper
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view for redirects .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a callback to pass to kill_srv to test class .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  find and return a name from a file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   get
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  see if the certificate in the certificate file is in openssl to assign a certificate file to the certificate to the certificate to the certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  ensure   ca
truth:  return   return

test:  presents a warning .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  print   warning
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a given array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   number

test:  given a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a value from a path path .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  navigate   data

test:  return a dictionary with keys of an names of default values as a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the area of a depth of area under the rectangles list of area .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword using keyword .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  handle   delete
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of the version number .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  routes to the supplied configuration .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   install
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check version of version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert the registry keys to win32 parameters dout : str key of the registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a bytestring version of the given data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  send   obj
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extended euclidean algorithm in f[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude absolute path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a vpc id or name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify replacing & test classes defined in csc & test classes .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  using   notify
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for test functions .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  find a new package in a virtual node .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  a decorator to indicate that a given kwargs['stderr'] and setup its status .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  multivariate hessian results for one cluster .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   map
truth:  matches   matches

test:  allows user to escape when a user associated with an account or all pending requests .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the message output .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users that are followed by the user in .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist scan for <album> spotify spotify spotify .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the sr of a vdi .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unique property that has been successive .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   load
truth:  makes   a

test:  reindex all instances of the push push push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  build a and/or archive object from a list of egg modules with the specified name .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the ip address name of a socket .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set a topic to a topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  pairs   websocket
truth:  document   document

test:  list users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the given filename exists .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solc arguments for data_format .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  normalized   factory
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in order to set up the inheritance chain of the start parser .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if a is a older keystring .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return the inverse of the two permutations .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  allow   parse
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder requires a search index for one index .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles of a member .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a group id and return a valid group name .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that a .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   example

test:  separate data from the interface to a section of 1978 .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  pass   function
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a thing signature as a .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  format   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns an current directory path corresponding to script script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fill markdown text .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize input statistics to a temporary directory .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks the function that return value is a valid python function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag the release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  start   check
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path into unicode .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a main resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve a list of indexes and their indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request has associated associated .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a numpy array to a numpy array of items .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that a table witn a table .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  used   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a decorator that makes sure a stack is called .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the name of a model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression representation of lag lag type .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  substitute   values

test:  dummy event handler for azure .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile information from the incoming args .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  recursively convert memory buffer to config .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  watch   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  single place to single param .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft vertexes from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the global vagrant link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause initializer .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   method
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse a text string of text tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  string   string

test:  add the value of the upper matrix to each variable containing the fitting matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper decorator for running tests that require an user input .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  wraps   checks
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  yay yay .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the passed html is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  convert a column name to a valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   text
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a test if a database is unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  run   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip fiducials on all points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  grab   handler
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available for the project .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the trace of a trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  returns   none
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm -v cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  server   git
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group type access for the type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into composite without connecting histogram .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  normalized   array
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache connection to download and return a special sentinel if true .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encodes string value using base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns a short .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create local pid file for a process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get all the vagrant classes .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a volume is a volume group by using the unique command .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  remove   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the issue counts for the issue in the review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  request   search
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generate range numbers .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  scan   -
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get hourly resolution for a top big diagram .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  get   get
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a nested tree which fires a nested tree of the given tuple of nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  handle tool files using the api .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  null   one
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just enum .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  do   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that they are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  copies debugging to the user directory .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a files and all its parents .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  execute code that are designed to be updated .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  default implementation of latex functions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all networks .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  try to login a url for the given login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   url
truth:  creates   a

test:  build an instance of a protocol from the table .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return true if a cg has cg that we have a cg filter .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write all the include file to a directory .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   store
truth:  write   null

test:  parse one and return the timestamp of a intervals .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier on a convolutional train it will load a few epochs on a few epochs as a few epochs on a few tiny
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return alf_exceptions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a course_key .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a given matrix from a list of lists .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  signature calls app_reverse() .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   length
truth:  file   file

test:  configure the input to jay: .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a simple task on the local service .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return float to demo .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new temporary file descriptor which returns a temp file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure we can compare we can compare exception .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  null   call
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get the recommendation for a topic tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  dbunserialize pickle object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  wraps   -
truth:  null   in

test:  convert the given feature to a stream .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until all jquery jquery to show .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a polygon of a point in a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   release
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a flat dict to a flat dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a translation output to make it usable by the appropriate filtering .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  writes   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  convert strings for inches to strings .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  duplicate   product
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  signal handler for returning signal handlers when a signal has completed the given signal and signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email with :py:func:~ckan .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  null   email
truth:  send   a

test:  null test case where false also replace only .
truth: if a . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   a

test:  validate that value is a positive float or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  replaces the missing microversion header characters .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  null   block
truth:  log   a

test:  sync cohort to default .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  emits   a

test:  nearest intersection of two points at semicolons .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   nth
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the data for a protocol .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  null   get
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure kivy_configure() works with skycoord columns .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate classifier using the given handler and return the result as a string .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   a

test:  make angle .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find if a query contains unique usage .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  to   function
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a host and return it .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that pip text is shown .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob and yields a blob of the test config file .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a server to a server using the server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  updating   implements
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check to see if a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   check

test:  upload files and push them to each of the folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the hashed algo .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints code information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   expression
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a relative time string as a timestamp string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in a system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if interfaces is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts list of cron objects into a list of cron ips .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersections to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  alternative implementation of likelihood indexes of periodogram which satisfies the specified axis .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a python function to provide a fake python object that wraps a method and keyword arguments .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator to use a method to find a method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the redirection handler .
truth: takes request . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a custom 404 handler for a custom 404 error .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  given a replacement for the provided replacement object .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  null   app
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and return its contents .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  load   load

test:  given a request object .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  copy a link or directory to another location .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  null   link
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips latest info from a cache file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  release   get
truth:  to   try

test:  return true if the given filename points to a directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean indicating if the specified dns records are absent .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  delete   display
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses a string of the form 1:23 into a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  provides a cloud exception for the given process .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  null   method

test:  verifying verifying the type of a tar signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  wrapping linear filter of 2d array columns within t and q .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test with a custom wait for the decorated test .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best match between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  determines if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a float to the nearest matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  converts   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the access dance request token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a date formatted for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a single package is loaded .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  combined   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  look the storage record and return the correct output .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  import   a
truth:  move   move

test:  replaces all corpus of a single string by a tagged tagged latex .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  null   course
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url for a given file extension .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the location to use .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete single repository tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the parent of a directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform text to a multiline string; line .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  null   null

test:  decode a base64-encoded string .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  utf-8   helper
truth:  null   in

test:  run a runner as a reference to the timeout of the runner module .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  send   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the updater hash of a given user .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  get   set
truth:  return   a

test:  create running simple binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if a path is a symlink or a directory .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor traces and repositories for each layer in the console .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  replace info[2] .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  null   use
truth:  open   open

test:  parses a given url and returns a origin string .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data for a particular object .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of fan to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a custom menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  logs a type of expression as a type of type condition .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given file with the given ifname file from ifname to the given file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this is a utiliy function to be l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() in the according tests .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializing   null

test:  python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  function   performances
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith command for the pcs stonith stonith name of the stonith stonith stonith stonith_id for creating stonith use with the live stonith cib .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   migrations
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the symlinks server cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   auth
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  plot a figure and show results of each figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the first permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   suspend
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a classical and train it into a tree .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   view
truth:  executes   null

test:  check trailing spaces in row and a table are trailing numbers .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  null   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all disabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the event is clicked .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  return   in
truth:  get   current

test:  runs an application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   start
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a bool value if the debug python module is configured .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether user can access to given course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  engine mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string wrapped by name .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  print   print

test:  simple utility to check if we are to convert to deprecated .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  create new class by name/alias .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table to keep otu table by otu .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  looks   filter
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs enquiry section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load csv file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   read
truth:  load   a

test:  validate user .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version and returns a string listing the current api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  work   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the installed packages of a specific package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  server   return
truth:  get   get

test:  url only runs on a python file .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic series inversion of the series inversion modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load the specified xml file and return the system path if it exists .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within a path .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power passed extended module from the default configuration .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   power

test:  a damped bar .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of all users prefixed with the labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  the name of the next tag for the received tag .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   text
truth:  return   return

test:  patch to initiate test cases .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get an application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  separate separate characters in a string .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  outputs   function
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value from an object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   up
truth:  check   check

test:  pretty print the given command as a list of available .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  to   configuration
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline validator correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for valid type string .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  or see if smtp exceeds a given date .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   points
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a boolean depending on whether flags were running .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument devices with a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decode a bit unsigned unsigned byte string to bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list exists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  display the version of the specified selinux version cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of module its installed apps .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  import   import

test:  records a user has subscriptions to staff .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  record   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of all localizer languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  retrieve   default
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the value passed a configuration setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console originally retrieved from: url .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a given decimal component to a decimal string .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  function   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if a file can be installed .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  function   null
truth:  call   a

test:  find an elementtree implementation of a new sync opens .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the given arguments against an executable parameters .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor info from a instance_type object .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   keys
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  this function initializes a thread name and writes the cffi thread .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands strings from id and places the given output path .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table designed for humans table designed for humans and we want a bug that table with corresponding data .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  test   one
truth:  read   read

test:  search for a module in the specific app_name .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of a datastore range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add gaussian mean of gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   use
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of the attributes for a given container .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  build a data mac address for a base64-encoded mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a global useless useless obj to a module .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers the package .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the api logged by the user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  returns   instance
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the minion .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace special characters in a string with spaces .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  regression set the function given a format and check the format for the format format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  test   basics
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of tuples that work in the channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to help we generate a configured block of different transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  mocks   function
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node subscriptions are clicked .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  checks   format
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the global notification type for a user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create a temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  called   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block structure to a block of characters .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  null   format
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class to create a cache capacity .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  create   create

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reads the configuration file for the given version object .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  amazon all country hierarchy for a priority .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  get   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize a single dictionary mapping importer to globals .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the group info of the group and what to be loaded .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the short version of raw string .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   callback
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns a contain a field with the given django name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of available vm sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of plugins .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function with given testcase .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   null
truth:  mark   method

test:  checks whether keyring keyring is present .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  null   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  a factory for dcm .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  forces the default worker to apply a direct one .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle watching a widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  xml   request
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the subsection grade task for a subsection task .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  function   copy
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  formats help help text .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name to check words : words of words in a specified words : words of words in a string to check to check for
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return vals[which] report that have been added to plotly .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  clear   attributes
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  ssh   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  block a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns the versions of the versions of the git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  null   location
truth:  get   version

test:  copy data from one to another .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  do   copy
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist numlist ruleitem | expr le expr | expr times numlist | expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  -   accents
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   tags
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  wrapper for parsing .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  run   run
truth:  is   null

test:  add a floatx .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a string for use with the host data tree .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  implement selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  select   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  allows a response to be a view that takes a page and returns a jar .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  print   view
truth:  null   null

test:  return a specific module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  load   return
truth:  module   module

test:  map some more represented by a given knows or attempts to a function .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  start   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a string of nanoseconds address into its local node .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that a delimiter option works .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   docstring
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   flask
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if shape is a syncfile .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  filter   like
truth:  function   function

test:  given a value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  interprets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run the execution of a corresponding registered task .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   projections
truth:  executes   null

test:  return consistent chart chart using certificate_id chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert id to real id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that expected and mean are the right mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove name the name of the user to remove all .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  gets whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a path is a tarfile type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a hostname or a hostname to an existing hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   interface
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data from an auxiliary 5 channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  used to mark a test method for debugging output .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  represent   none
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  returns a new snapname object .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   redirect
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   generate
truth:  copy   copy

test:  spans all arguments .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  imports   show
truth:  null   method

test:  print information about an error summary .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  null   column

test:  return the configured portaudio version .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given working has been changed .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  splits a list of functions of disjunctive into a function of each step .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  stack   like
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure that the preferred plugins are raised when we have a previous preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a thought .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   source
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a generator of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if zc is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs settings within modules that make settings .
truth: execute app . 
test:  module   null
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the data in the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that the given name matches the given httpconnection .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove contacts from the users personal library .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  removes   episode
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki response for a given title .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  return   get
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  processes a template to connect to each of the devices and devices .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   entry
truth:  use   threads

test:  return a set of recipients addresses for the request .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the expected_paths of a package in the package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if a given best is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate unicode string .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  run   null
truth:  -   -

test:  creates iterable from a list of tuples .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  null   items
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare a set of model type and interpolates the model type .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time time time time :return: true if time is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load a git repository from a path .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates resolved metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  null   view
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  variant of a lazy-import ais a given system .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a new repo instance of the repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch an http url by returning it .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  closes matrices by applying a sparse matrix with the same surface .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  apply   signal
truth:  output   output

test:  indicates if a given context can deleted based on context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   check
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  null   example
truth:  to   setup

test:  return a nicer which function used to deprecated .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  returns   sys
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the first thing of an libcloud given ipmi .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  given   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  handle   a

test:  show a version of the element-wise value .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  prints   y
truth:  show   show

test:  loads a plugin path from a zip file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to build .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  symbolically an existing usercontributionsmodel domain .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  save   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  return a configuration callback for i18n callback .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  write   create
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  here we have some cases .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  tokens   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  modify minimum weight graph graph graph to a set of nodes .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an http header by values and return .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the databases loaded on the file/directory .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the name of a valid python random name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a compiler for the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prints the user for a boolean .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  read the type of field for a package .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  like yank_nth_arg .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate "filename" inferred by statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  if   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function for sections which have the order of the sections for the given series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  frac -> str hex-encodes a conditional polynomial of f in a given file .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverse the name of the right computed by the distance method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  chain many branching rule .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  join a host string to a user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   status
truth:  turns   null

test:  save a given audio interface to a audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  create   in
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in settings .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves configuration to a configuration file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   function
truth:  save   configuration

test:  given the log objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred preferred channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture providing a mock object using the config config .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  view   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if a repository revision revision is an database revision and not the database .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set the dell rules for the external external shell .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   media
truth:  computes   null

test:  displays a contents of an image .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  does   null

test:  parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert a document into a space-separated structure .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a reference that is a wrong type of reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from its name .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that adds recursion to a method of dictionary .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a method to change the current process .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a reference to the cygwin width table .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  a numpy version of numpy array .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert an integer to a base36 .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the given page .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  outputs   read
truth:  read   read

test:  login the connection with the account connection and the contents of the configured connection .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get all objects .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample a sample from a sample support .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the default version for the current thread .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   system
truth:  set   set

test:  getprime:long return a random prime prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct required because of the required matplotlib visual visual .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  to   factory

test:  delete a vlanid entry .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a dictionary mapping routes to all root instances matching the given path to a cache file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   a
truth:  am   am

test:  prints an error messages to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  opens   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  end   end

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  rough - make a message if it raises an exception .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  make a httprpcserver configuration file with the specified configuration name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  this function is used as an int .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   float
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  file   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the specified network failure failure .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  map   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  force all available tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  to   drops
truth:  force   force

test:  given a string .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  null   function
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global entry for the global point .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  ecdf test of values of values parameters values : ndarray .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add input arguments to an existing command line used for the cli .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if the given instances in the i: .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return details about the server .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  -   runs
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bits which a catalog catalog within a catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  given   error
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a list of file items from a path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  return   widget
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove invalid signals from senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  view function to handle page of page missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   core
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that the given directory is a properly formatted path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function :math:varphi(x) = frac{1}{1 + a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  greyscale greyscale given peaks .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  given an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module for editing an object for all objects contained in a scenario .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  object   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the model or created event .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   formats
truth:  download   download

test:  aborts execution and causes a simple function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing uplink complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   update
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file with the specified name and return its contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a files from a file to a list of dictionaries .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file inside a dir cli example: .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  get   search
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different different different feature .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  constant-time string b .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the latest method of a set of closed models .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from sender of static to the signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create a dictionary mapping dummies to labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  modifies a deprecation function if deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor by a specific versions .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   keypair
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace safely characters in version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check memoization revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  file   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  group a mapping by a list of indices to their indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen error rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a new one item from the command-line argument .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user add a user to the ban of a ban .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the mapping of all usernames data for a given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the expected status of text against json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  clear   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a regression test for a subclass that doesnt want to a warning .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file of filename .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  actor focused activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  null   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method works as string .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print an error message if the hostname was not already been resolved with the hostname .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a billedopprotos to be used as a wrapper for intel .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   test
truth:  formats   a

test:  start worker into two different simplification of intf transforms .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   release
truth:  run   run

test:  normal distribution function .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  get a url string for a given endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to a decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  output a warning .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  prints   reading
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the first largest largest sorted of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the template for the given site .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a record in the current datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for at']if summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a time string into a time object: .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  null   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  require a view that require a replace_nonprintables object .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include a file if that matches the given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of permutations currently active by singular .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks that the given language is only created .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an album into the proper album file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   fill
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert x to a words .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   pricing
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check if a module is bind or a bind command .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a django field to a string of raw_bytes and fields for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  test   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  filter the most common update active steps for each cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  null   null
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas name to a name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return a temporary directory to use with caching and return the result of the given tmpfile .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  fixture   up
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the authentication credentials from an http request using http basic access authentication .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that grammar works with array-like raises valueerror .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if there are currently aqua tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the module if it already exist .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  call   resource
truth:  set   up

test:  convert size to metasploit metasploit metasploit string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  return a node that can be used to get all views through a publicdef grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  builds   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate tu file by its name .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   source
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns an encoder for the invalid xml xml element .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists of pairs for a and lower optional value .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding a program to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the permanences objects to transfer .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  confirmation confirmation .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  decorates   add
truth:  add   a

test:  send a packet at layer 2 and print the bulkloader .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  create   arp
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in which match the trees in trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find all spans of the text using the again of a bytestrings .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator declaring the implementation of an object --oneline .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure the given configuration name the given configuration name the name of the rcctl(8) to be rebooted .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   endpoint
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve a list of index names for a given key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  because bing has to be an asshole .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   one
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper that accepts resized resized use .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup config .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the path of the data files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress gzipped bytes on a single stream or iterable .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a [a-za-z0-9] .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  record   record

test:  dummy function that tests the downloading downloading isnt an http error .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instances for the given host and deleted deleted .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for cudandarraytype that checks if we crash to log .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  control   test
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing device block .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  null   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores restores tags from a configuration file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  ensure   download
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert x to sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  null   path
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a current git .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  get   dumps
truth:  if   null

test:  a little helper method that returns a new file that wraps a lock of a file pointed to be included in a form .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of the course .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring auth keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  iterates   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a simple view of the current args .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the raid status for this minion cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for a linode linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  get   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an attributes value .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  if   obj
truth:  null   in

test:  convert old-style list to a propositional .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all configuration from the specified configuration file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return list of all folders folders in folder as folders .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a wsgi response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   response
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to the type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit 32 32 with 64bit 32 .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an http container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an iri resource identifier to a uri portion that can be started .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to become a condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check to see if the system has the named host .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  disable   nodes
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a warning warning for known arguments .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function and returns a dummy instance that may be a dummy implementation of the provided class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  elementwise   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password using a base64 password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a detailed table of arp .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document and returns a standard document with the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all known packages cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a template to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  this decorator is used with a custom model for use in tests .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  groups tokens that have least least one or more offset .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  used   group
truth:  null   groups

test:  create a completion model .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining shining shining builds the build if there are any build switches: .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr lt expr | expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  round a function or precision to a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  calculate   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  remove a sympy expression from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  labels   null
truth:  create   a

test:  concatenate variables horizontally into list of arrays .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  used   compute
truth:  generate   a

test:  select the given code code in a given word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  generate   template
truth:  code   code

test:  group a group id from a string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  support   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a specific rollback name for a specific vm .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sync an entity by its operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  compute spectral amplitude amplitude node using welchs operator .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate circle screensize for a circle screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  allows   tree
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the line graph of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  http response should be converted to a url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response from the current request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specific returner .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   data

test:  find longest and tree arrays in a tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the message of the api requests that the request being automatically deleted deleted .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a list of notifications for which modules belongs to be created .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check that potential and default style function works for structures .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  detects   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  converts an image to a numpy array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  disable   stop
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a flat dictionary of tuples into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin by name .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  start   running
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks if a url is a ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test basic push font .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a regular expression object that matches a given pattern .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   try
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy uri into k-sample by *uri* .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug bug of numpy labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  calculates the expected detrend linear fit = y .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the current values of the docker clientdef info .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  the fastcommentedheader reader should denote the same width of each column .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  to   compat
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates art url from string .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   art

test:  should use a root view .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  ensure   egg
truth:  tests   tests

test:  distance between two sets .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  given a model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a mime_type property into a string .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a variable creation of a variable with a custom creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check whether a user can delete the review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to see if a connection can be enabled .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of properties of workers found .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the token_to_textobject terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   find
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks for custom analyze output .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a exits to and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  builds the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  clear   xml
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the unique uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  use the output of a decorator: to create a production environment result for use with your requests .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  send   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all nics for the named vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  combined   return
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear all instances of the loading networks and their handlers cli example: .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  pending   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get only logical by nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  write summary metadata to pil .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  create   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove any ignored whitespace from the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an album field for a given field .
truth: as above . 
test:  returns   albuminfo
truth:  null   null

test:  associate media instance in media list on media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  compute   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of all detected names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of standard pids of windows pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test that it behaves like a single column .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe by index type name .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  time   normalize
truth:  replace   series

test:  return list of prefixes units that are in the unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  given   unit
truth:  return   a

test:  replace the response method with a 405 error .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replace the local server configuration file .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  prepares   generate
truth:  setting   setting

test:  create a scalar frequency matrix .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label for label using source spaces .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  source   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries as a template .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a specific returner from the minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  internal helper to handle log lines of strings into multiple lines .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  decide   returns
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return an ndarray for an arbitrary now .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  is   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  single filefield handler .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  reading   list
truth:  denied   user

test:  selects a numpy array with device ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  create   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  concatenate an xml string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace characters that are not throw an html string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculates the minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an event on the local minion .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   app
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  this decorator takes a list of positional arguments and applies it to keyword keyword for keyword argument in keyword arguments for keyword arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line ending inside the split .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete the menu entities from the menu .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   syntax
truth:  expects   null

test:  create an action that factorization .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  send a message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of objects of all objects of the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines if entities of a custom fields were in a custom list of entities .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given controller has controller for the given controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns es te for printing the proc output .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  like   generate
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the base scalars of the given vector .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create new steps class instance .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  reads a kinesis stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a string of the form that has not been verified by the settings stored in the postgres .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors and returns an iterator of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple commands options set .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   rows
truth:  normalize   a

test:  imdb the proposals of a single imdb according to the imdb destroy a given imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  return   nexusport
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that a win_lgpo possibly a base class .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  github   computation
truth:  url   url

test:  trim -> string return a left-justified version of the string s .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  string   string

test:  check a status value is not installed .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a static machine .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  run   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true iff the last modification of a path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  take an attribute name and retrieve it .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  to   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a databases cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this method checks the view of the request for a given vary and returns a c{ancestor} .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fixes   block
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get event .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test that passing component component items .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  delete config .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   configuration
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of all nodes that are descendants to be used in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the elements of an iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an elb if subnets is subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol for the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  format   api
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  all values of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color to a hex color string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  require that the user has restricted access to endpoint .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  make   pairs
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  md5 md5 hash of first_handler objects .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute silhouette score for continuous continuous size of a given numpy array .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  generates   randomly
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary coding to binary string .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet on a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the insteon hub sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified duration and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  send   send
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test pip install if pip is short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  init weight .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  get the set of variables which are unique .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  find   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that the given problem target each interfaceaction type in *choices* .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  each of a sequence of collector tuples .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   swap
truth:  generate   generate

test:  polynomial division with solutions .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the complex usage of a given function .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability zones for all virtual machines .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an iterable of signify from a comma-separated file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures temporarily put remote url to configure remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  follows   null
truth:  does   null

test:  sign username using a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  compare   validation
truth:  set   set

test:  list all repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read processing spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading whitespace .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   port
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char keys .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the recent exercises for a user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an exploration to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of names of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert "d to binary string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of build options for the application .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse acronyms format string to make it format .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  converts   text
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  runs   control
truth:  control   control

test:  get a list of parameters from a organizations device .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  null   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse the <remote>/ output from a in-app output into a ckan expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a servers recognized server to an address .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   default
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist varlist | ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the action has access to the given action .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies that the object type info returns a method type .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  null   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print a list of supported formats for all objects .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  take the named function and return a dictionary of random variables .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  concatenate   key
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return all items in seq .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  return the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  required   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip in network for a network in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets up a management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  load   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return markdown text .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  generates   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override views which causes a policies that may contain the same policies as the patch .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a file name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator that propagates the test if a function is set .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  step definition definition .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  null   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of absolute path names to the same logic .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  create   get
truth:  find   find

test:  run command in a subprocess .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  like   like
truth:  start   celery

test:  check if a postgresql package exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the list of import ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scans   null

test:  check the __init__ method .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  make   case
truth:  test   initialization

test:  returns a string consisting of the given string .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  redirect   check
truth:  return   return

test:  run python interpreter in python script .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   python

test:  turn a sympy expression into a flattened list .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   a

test:  convert time string in a date format to a date object .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  convert   date

test:  get default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of an flow .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterator over all the cliques cliques in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  call a function via an executor .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of datapath .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the access path of the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a list to a list of lists of unflatten n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  define   null
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been distances on a different curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a *safe* object for a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  format text so it knows the heading log .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  to   format
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the line that results in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime protobuf to a timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if the provided string is a valid valid simple string or not .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers a migratin handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random api key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute error measure measure for one plot of the similarity between two vectors .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the special sparse matrices .
truth: computes np . 
test:  filtered   rows
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of ports .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return the endpoint of the purchase that was previously locked .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a random string that can be used in a given string .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  string   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   a
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers our response for a method .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute statistics for the layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   field
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  pass the application data and return the last occurred data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  tag   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - displays dummy tests .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a file with the specified name and write hosts to it .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable a vm cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   alias
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set in a given value on a node .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests that the custom ask system can do it .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   release
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  confine this module to mac systems with setquota available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a new account hooks for be changed .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  outputs a node for the given indentation .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from a timeseries of a timeseries file parameters you want to store a timeseries file as a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get doctypes of layers of a doc role .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  get   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  list configuration variables for the current working directory .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false if the system has already installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  module function to check a password against a given password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel class within parallel class .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   regression
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return status of a task status for a given task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  view   handle
truth:  returns   task

test:  add an email to the other measurement for deferred .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  replace   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate methods that require a running instances of the argument to run .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  test test set up common streams for streams and test cases .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns true if the current request is valid .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  gaussian approximation to the unit function of order n .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test existing functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the cached conf .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  connect an email to a queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  aborts   email
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all user subscriptions for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  port   get
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  copy a file thru the path provided as a path in a directory .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   tool
truth:  set   set

test:  some numa required method except for requests .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper method to serialize an html response into a requirejs-wrapped method .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  decorate   a

test:  prettydict tuple into tuple .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove user from logged login cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  delete   user

test:  iterates over a sequence of tuples .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convert a raw tree to a descriptor object .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the permutation of the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test that simple cursor routine routine yields movements .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  null   text
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  trails bw of the bw scott method .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  search   compute
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates a list of minion objects for each device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  compare   query
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error of the input map of the root series .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   flavor
truth:  given   remove

test:  save header in current session .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all the figure in the current figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  oozebane   metadata
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the standard configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a given directory that may be built .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  null   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  write the error files to logger .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  print   try
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of standard mpkg ids .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  given   metadata
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get pyo keys and raise exception if codes .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  this function takes a list of recently into an element of wang/eez: tuples .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  square   find
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  list of user activity products for the user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601 formated datetime to native format .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get the windows api name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a string from a range header like: args: range dict or tuple of datetimes returns: 8bit value .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   formats
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort a list of header strings by a given interval .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a function to dispatch a table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for a given event on the specified queries .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  search   line
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a timestamp timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  solve a matrix as a matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  is   disk
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a function with matching shape and returns it .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fit a comma-separated of features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set hwclock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   suspend
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return greyscale local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  run the pyglet tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  create   up
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all of the child nodes of a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  parses a combined key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a given value is a older of seconds that is equal to the time .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all dependencies of the model dependencies are unique .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities severities as json object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   in
truth:  get   events

test:  return file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the value is a valid type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  value   value

test:  returns a list of fields from tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  preprocesses multiple crop and return a list of tuples .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an open topological ordering of non-zero ordering .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  null   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  check qdatastream status when given a bug of integers .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   check
truth:  make   null

test:  callback for calling an arbitrary method .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  if   null

test:  extract an email id from a token token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision for the given currency string .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost of the cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication using svd .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   base
truth:  compute   camera

test:  required method to log all the message .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  parses   run
truth:  run   run

test:  a class decorator which accepts a dict of config values .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  reverse   order
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if a a2ensite is a valid terms .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic function for rank-1 array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  parse   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate a dict of of keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  to   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple view to call configuration files matches the get query matches .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a context manager which changes all of the messages to be deleted .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  make   context
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  add an arbitrary factorize argument to a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  show user configuration .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  fixture   child
truth:  set   http

test:  scans a statsd steal steal .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split and raise an optional netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  gets the path of the requested request .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  start   read
truth:  expands   null

test:  return the internal internal method which looks like an attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo from a specified directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields for empty fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  left   implementation
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a single solver solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  function   use
truth:  train   a

test:  return union over all items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates python app object for given ip address .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast a soundcloud schema into a string .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  remove double newlines with spaces .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unicode   value
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  text   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a value looks like a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information about the memory from meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   length
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest parts of a given short to the closest g function .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a hex string to rgb array .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for a matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  read all requests from the current request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  send   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  create a sparse matrix of ones with a given shape .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from a pcap instance .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  update page information .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  to   update
truth:  create   a

test:  few few of the command line with a given model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  to   in
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for migrations .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return the labeller labeller given number of symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  chunks   returns
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the program .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  determines   dictionary
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send notification request .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  slot :code:<section> a script with the information from the commandline .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   application
truth:  check   check

test:  turn a version string into a dict of indices names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  given   return
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the composition of three jobs .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function returning a standard rational function returning a new rational function returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  function to convert an error response to a string .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  code   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add indexed loops from the grid of an indexed grid .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  displays the html of the writable plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  null   user
truth:  render   render

test:  read all alert addresses for a person .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a new cmac object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  filter a list of data points in a filter .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  is   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs module .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a soundcloud class from a string including a class .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs of chisquare .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the location of a git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   find
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a general order coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to enforce test methods that should be called only be called only once .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   function

test:  generate a sparse matrix of order n .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an int to a base 36 string .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise an exception if tp is not a tp of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed way to authed .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the given id to become an optional page to become a given message .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  null   null
truth:  click   click

test:  transform a mime code into two __repr__ __repr__ .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  set up parameters: parameters: connection .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the inverse of a matrix .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  reject for a numeric experiment experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  ask   sequence
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for all comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  read more link more than more timestamp .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  recognize   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a numeric dump list to a string .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  writes   create
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convenience wrapper around subquery .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  expand   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  performs a multi-dimensional rotation using theta .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make a segments by applying two matrices by the specified numpy points .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a llvm structure of the struct types .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a domain .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  declares   null

test:  reads flowgrams clustering in the given directory .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  covert the current grid type .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the elements contained within a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   return

test:  indent text amount of text lines .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  text   xml
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this function returns true if the object has a dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of undeclared for the unary list of nodes .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  find   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the directory for an associated user .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the nibbles type .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the uuid for the openshift .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate toolbox .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  run   channel
truth:  is   null

test:  default implementation of thread .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  given a diff of result objects .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if a given character should be included with the given character .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that passing a time using a standard exception .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   decodes
truth:  make   null

test:  function used by multi-proc when deployed an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   systemd
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test that we can use piece of db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  decode a source string given a valid configuration value .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper around format .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a new server in a port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set the current axis label of the current axes:: .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a palette that will make a palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if obj has parent basepath basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  show a synonym for a particular module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns true if point after point after a point is in before the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get all duplicates from an iterable collection that are unique .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare all tests of a pandas dataframe for tests using the provided uploadedfile .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  if   test

test:  determine whether the key exists in trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all quantum created by quantum .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates ar(p) normalize points from tapered json output .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos information about a user .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   process
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role that passes the default keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  skill types controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  try to commit a hash using a commit hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  removes   completion
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator of all ciscoconfparse summary of a functions .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  change   null
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate the memory index of a contiguous memory buffer .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a prototype for the specified function .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   mail
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict for ordered .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy type corresponding to the given argument type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  time   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object for given network .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  validate if a url is valid .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if path is a hexadecimal template .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf for g in encoding .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  locates a copy of text from a fif file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate one mask of the given sequence of strings .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a service error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   null
truth:  process   process

test:  loop until a loop has been reached .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  minimize   application
truth:  call   call

test:  run tests and create report report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  performs   folder
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate the global cryptobackendxmlsec1 directory for os .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users for all users in the given source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the content-type and its parameters .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if the bsgs base base base are minimal .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  null   details
truth:  display   display

test:  use this decorator to check if the policy passed via the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check non-explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts the sentences sentences from a string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  recursively include objects from parmar and convert it to spherical spherical for executive executive representations .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  releases   version
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a content-range uri into a prefix-based .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the ajax prime that satisfies the desired number in the config .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator which allows a function to be called from the old-style class to a single function to provide a single function that allows arbitrary arguments to be called without
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse duplicates into a consumed .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the specified service is available cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of non-zero items for which the beta sample have written to be converted to the beta .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  sets up an argument to a python string .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  quote an unicode unicode path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two classes together into a new beneficiary .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert hex hex hex hex color to rgb color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  apply a json representations of the current python implementation to the device .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   patch
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a list of time zones to which a number is a country level of a number of time zones .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif files .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  stop   io
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find all files in directory tree with name root .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata common common service tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count for the current title .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that tests the decorated function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter name of the network adapter is currently being used .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return true if the vms is available .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  start   null
truth:  display   display

test:  return the indices of p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a class that a new-style query to be used as a cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  for move or c c c .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  split the string into two different components .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features must have at least two tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm an email token should be included in the request .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  output   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes the current page content for the page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check if a python field is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of parameters to a string .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  load   create
truth:  command   command

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single blast object .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  discard comparison in a complex field .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a bad output file can be removed from one of the replay .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  return   string
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 vertexes by a point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  process   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for master facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   provider
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string or unicode into a bytestring .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  renders   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  simple function to check if an priority was schemas .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  command   null
truth:  string   string

test:  decodes the fvwi pieces from a fvwi byte string by the byts int .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  -   returns
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  if invalid arguments are set .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  header   test
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids of an exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test yule-walker decorate .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   maps
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  checks if all of its subdirectories are updated by pandas .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  use this decorator to retrieve an api client to use a specific api .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  to   null
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  returns a base64-encoded chart using the fast view object .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   accents
truth:  null   null

test:  get the named package name from the name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  clones local installation of repo_url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  -   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  enable or change the source location of a ssl stack .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  display   date
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-corona of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a tag to the queue .
truth: add tag . 
test:  -   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  returns a filename formatted string with correct characters .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a list of names for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd -> vbd object .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  attach   processing
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the error code returned by checking to make sure the function fails .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  -   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description string .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of header tuples and converts it into a single dict .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition with the desired condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default list of music music music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse a string using the given file .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   verifies
truth:  stack   stack

test:  causes the user to create the __init__ directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  show   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  take succeeds succeeds string and evolve pem files which are not built according to the rules that are built .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   test

test:  redirects to the specified job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a slice with program program that will incorrect this is simply a way to create a :class:request .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  print the target target stats of the current thread .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate missing count of items for an album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a string of 3d prime prime prime to four random bytes .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a databases cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the symmetric group of order n as a list of order .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  base   base

test:  build a environment dictionary and create a marked request object .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  search   build
truth:  build   build

test:  the buy data type .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   function
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a string for the name of a subject .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  bytes   format
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  parse a list of words into a string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  tokens   default
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate obj to be checked if it isnt a numpy environment variable or object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach approach approach approach of : multivariate multi-model approach down them .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy table .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a of of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with version information .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the directory for the given package or directory path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check that the filter filter name of a list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a single role for a user .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  doctest   sphinx
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address address belongs to prefix/plen multicast address space .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  time   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all logging from the logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the nth common {tagged: of a matrix x .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all timeseries of before_handler .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  list   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get mercurial .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   os

test:  simple wrapper to echo .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   flask
truth:  change   change

test:  resorts a set of points along a single offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  build   message
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive implementation of f and a primitive in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  url - viewpoint the block for xblock access to the block and xblock xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  url   url

test:  adds a billed to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   compatibility
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   null
truth:  github   github

test:  returns labeled if rss is contained .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  check   timeline
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator to make sure a test if a template has the given backends .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  accepts   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sort otu table by mapping file into sorted sample data structure .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  checks if we have a good value .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  receive   assert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from the available metric .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  return average for the similarity between scalars and chance .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class with its name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   null
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts an integer to a string using the appropriate timestamp .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   default
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  checks if t is a string .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  turns a string that can be a cookie header into a cookie: header .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ubuntu a module to the release of the csv release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  extract_array   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pull devices from a remote host using a local pull request .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns an extension which will be used by the type of the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to support a view specific cors cors version of ssh .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber number that is a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if csr matches a csr .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  start   certificate
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of command line commands .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets a list of all child nodes of a node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  like   like

test:  pads to feedbackmessagereference or remove given number or string representation .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  log   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute probability probability density using sha256-hash noise series .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends out the user to press a url .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  retrieve   handler
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign selinux to max_range .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  is   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return crange .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a diff of a parent window with a parent "where .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  show   a

test:  checks if a list of strings are tuples .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  null   validator

test:  merge the agrees request path .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  did not run yet from regstats2 :: if we have already changing changing normal random covariance matrix notes the frequencies of a covariance lag lag .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load cached files describing post configuration files and processes that have a given filepath .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data attributes into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  saves   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string representation of the string s in the string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  string   string
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to generate a parsed parsed args .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the given response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  add   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle arrays by arrays .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   python
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the diagonal matrix of diagonal elements of a random expression .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  create   custom
truth:  return   a

test:  return useful information about all osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  query   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validate that a string is valid for the system .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over a python objects .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  generate a unique progress function for a given functions .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic bezier curve to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the team key from :class:collection into a dictionary .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  turn   function
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  sends   replacement
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a new linode plan from a linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  run a flash message on the given configuration name .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  send   function
truth:  null   a

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this patches an certificate_id object with the specified layout and fetches the given layout for the specified layout .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  like   like

test:  given an entity string as returned by the attributes of a given class .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  escapes the given string so that it can be embedded safely be embedded in a <script> file using the lazy object .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  output   output

test:  create an gce ports with the given name .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test removing some data from a deactivated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  recursive function for target .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update the global configuration options .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the beginning of the first observation of the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  provides   null

test:  print output or disable an error message .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return the git tree of a specific augeas tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the hcluster distance between the first and all the features in the node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra configuration for a given service .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache of the settings for the requested settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up everything .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote dangerous characters and returns a unicode object .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  decode   quotes
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract a version from the current file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   lines
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an images or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  returns true if idle is a tar .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  run one or more nagios reporter that apply each account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse http response body body and return content as a tuple of the facet contents .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api delete request and acts for a module .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   items

test:  verify a configuration object .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value for use in html output .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the device if it doesnt already exist .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   format
truth:  install   install

test:  shows the full text search for full text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  uses   modules
truth:  if   test

test:  create a new qwebview index for a single model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that a full path is a full path to the same as the appropriate module .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  generates   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  generates a backup file .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a dict of the user and their information .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  to   in
truth:  generate   salt

test:  code for encoded tag .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filter .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 that is created from the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  view   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string of a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that package children of package children and add tax children to each tax tuple with missing children and add them to tax order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  log and return any state of the state output .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  run   signal
truth:  function   function

test:  return the correct type for a mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm in pixels to size in a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the last plus point from a segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace a string with a regex that match a given string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   replaces
truth:  replaces   a

test:  look up the module that a particular configuration file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  test   version
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an item to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  truncate reverse at low quality fasta filepath qual_fp: .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter command identifier in the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list the genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a function that when the permission matches the given permission .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  support   multiple

test:  validate deletion and neighbor the deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  test   validates
truth:  run   run

test:  write an array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  count   decimal
truth:  write   a

test:  test adding a single m2 to a single object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function converts a bytestring to a nicer version of the datastore hex string .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around yaml .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   callback

test:  get chunk points within a harris coordinate .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   corners

test:  given a 2: .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  retrieve the name of the process used for a process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   process

test:  load an attribute of the attributes of the given module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  lookup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the head part of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an event for a url .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string argument to a closest .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  used   a
truth:  function   function

test:  link to a link .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition at the given condition in the condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a stack trace .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  this is a helper function for timing special threads .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse properties properties from aws type .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a bcache cache to each disk device in cache parameters none : bool if no supplied to detach a cache already imported .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  attach   a

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into a text value .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command as a shell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   a

test:  check if object is a json .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that environment variables is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  add   token
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique libraries containing bad libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return detailed information from a show image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  delete   image
truth:  return   details

test:  ensures that the method has an api method and returns a method with the api method name which will take in the api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a 32-bit integer into a string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a list of files to covers .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a pointer to the given file .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  look through the systems resource path and find it in a resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete user email address .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a urllib2 from a form that should not be used by the appropriate item .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirects to the current page and redirects to an authenticated file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  file   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility logging for #16288 fix fix fix when inlines .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  returns   implements
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help help file for a given url .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  null   js
truth:  opens   null

test:  recursively convert a list of answers to a list of files that contain a given answer .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  return weighted error neighbor given a search around p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  null   project
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the corresponding users by the users command line and the users latest device .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the given path should be a egg file or not be installed .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  associate a shortcut request .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a timezone aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  time   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the envelope for a ibp customers .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password generator .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean any orphaned instances and delete any :term:transient structure .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   delete
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   load
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a bad file only set the values in the tp .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a series of g .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a string in merges 36 to an integer .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a generator that returns a random integer value .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if salt cloud is installed .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   check
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns the yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  gets   font
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns data for main server .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  gets   convenience
truth:  patch   patch

test:  mavg window by applying each pair of each volunteer a given window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create dictionary of extra classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  try to create a new bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied snapshot to a snapshot file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   swap
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  save the registration code for a user .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a n-d vector to a 2d tensor where first dimension is a 2d vector .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  convenience wrapper around oslos execute() method .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone activity .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  prints   command
truth:  command   command

test:  converts the iterables to a iterables of parameters .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host its on and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that provides a compact pipe of the login pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  stream   tests
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the actual system bindings that the tests are marked .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   bindings
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  replace #!python with policy arguments .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back a list of savepoint savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launch default .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the kind from an entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings according to the locale .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode python 2 .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  retrieves the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  null   a

test:  configures the apps .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  require   configuration
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single existing directory .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version of the version .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read the string table for a string from the database table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  get the datastore record for the current datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates id of docker client that must be compatible .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   bitmap
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is a valid string or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute given a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of the hypervisor that are on the provider .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a package exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to require a single user .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the network .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the filepath is a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the verbosity names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   hack
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a function that calls the given method in a deterministic doer object .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment reject section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header into a key-value pair .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  simple hello function .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   page
truth:  null   a

test:  format a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  exponential linear unit data repeatedly around timestamps to interpolate .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the authentication auth entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  iterate through the directory that contains all the files and far .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterate   file
truth:  iterates   null

test:  enable/disable timestamp for registration registration page .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  access   redirect
truth:  look   null

test:  given a string of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  print the summary of all template stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  be   prints
truth:  null   a

test:  test mne min_dist to plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar to a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  process   process

test:  compute f + expression .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests that the status of views replaces the process with a proper result of the views on a works as an interpolates manager .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write html data to a file using the scene scene .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate the scripts directory for the given dependency using sublime args: app: list of packages .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute the input length of a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   show
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a cookie header into an integer .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the pe name is a hypervisor_pool .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks that the given plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   project
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tests spherical representation of spherical representation of two representation of spherical units are two result values and data are correctly .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   intervals
truth:  tests   tests

test:  when a step definition calls another user .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates the course in the block cache for a particular block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language for the current language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the effect of a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class configured with the same configured configured api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run django test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting loops .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper to decorate a function used as a new instance of the class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  see   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode of a file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a listen structure for tests that simply use by the global callback .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   set
truth:  initialize   null

test:  look for a aws key in the datastore .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a hash of the contents from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  links for all linked links in the document as a dict .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a list to a dictionary .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  rabins logistic to p in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write an entry in a specific returner file .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   searches
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first value of a given array .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes a single config value from the basket basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the content of a named music music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline for keystone with argument .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get releases by discid id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  search   search

test:  create a list of ordinal n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the 'allow or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  monkeypatches elements of a list of seq[i] n .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  iterate   shapes
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return name of the search string by name .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  if   data
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  not yet yet for utf8 .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  value   value
truth:  to   encode

test:  format a list of strings into a string .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a page name .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  list   get
truth:  requests   requests

test:  splits a list of corpus into an iterator of strings .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  bind a model to an object .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to a list of text .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  view   detach
truth:  upload   a

test:  log a message at the given log .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  calculate   use
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  user has a given user_id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  object   type
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a new shell to the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a working directory if it does not already exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the configured backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  process   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a out_path and a keyword argument .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the month .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get all yaml variables which have the same name .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a traversal selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to a big-endian element .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure that the user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  input() is a sparse matrix .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a template_complex into a dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode hypertext from the gcode text .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   remove
truth:  initialize   null

test:  partially error message if expected .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the elements of a given page .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a qicon .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  copy files from one file to another .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  return the power of a binary image .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  null   tuples
truth:  null   utility

test:  section of http indexing .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  style style fragment .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get name of current running spiders cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the releases metadata of a db .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the subtitle path for the video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of documents .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  clear the contents of a function to store it in the directory that will be loaded with the function provided .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate an alloc only .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  lifecycle -> str find the os .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  remove active default page .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns all xml elements of xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  find   a

test:  prints the correct view to stdout .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the images name : string name of image to delete images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  download   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  filers two elements of a sorted copy into a new version of tup .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories from dirname .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  gaussian approximation to the bin function of order eu .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  convert   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  remove special folders by tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   fixture
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a function as a wrapper function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  map the javascript map file to create a map of text files .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  construct   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates locale for use in http locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   check
truth:  make   null

test:  return the pipeline resulting to check that it has been invalidated .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return indices of an element of shape from a pair of shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  gets the identity value for an identity value .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the named task cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports extensions that are supported by a given extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether a given value represents diskspace or a git repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  find   dumps
truth:  if   check

test:  check that distances are not split to native .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively decrypt code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the given __doc__ with the given arguments .
truth: like @property . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  screenshot that a vote on a particular vote .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of p graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes some cookies in the past past actions .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets an object by name .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  fetches an object using s3 .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  is   a
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show show show version output .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  return the server match for a server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  server   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the invalidating lineage from original certificate .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes and decode a pickle string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   workaround
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zipfile zip zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the overlay is absent name the name of the overlay to remove from name the scheduled job .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a mock path .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  set   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return unicode representation of string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  list public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a job is absent with the name of the volume to remove object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the translation model class .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the arguments for each module into a javascript file .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances are not lost on skycoord init .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  url   url

test:  test that the object returned from a string .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for an instance args: api: : metadata version of the fileserver to set for http executed executed : the url of metadata request expect_json : metadata containing
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a function that returns standard deviation of the given json object .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop stray directories and directories for all logs that need to be added .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   detail
truth:  drop   directories

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  find   logging
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return string with all lines prefixed by comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  list   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get an esxi firewall status for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  to   run
truth:  show   status

test:  toggle profiling of file .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get command to run when it doesnt already exist .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single thread to make sure that the shared block conversion of values are stored .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the values to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  run a single test .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @roles only .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse string from a float object to a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  support   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a edges fixtures: source space where points in a sphere .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify reject section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  extended   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a tuple that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   connect
truth:  like   like

test:  compute the mcnemar likelihood for the univariate surface of a vector in likelihood evaluation .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look for a program in the list of installed modules .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   program

test:  create a function used to add a few arguments to a normal function .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a given language is a babel locale for the given language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  search for an object type of the implementation of a class or classic .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  normalize   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  attach matching from handlers and strips all handlers matching the prefix .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if filename looks like a extension file .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  shows the first problem or block of two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the complete version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a time delta to a timestamp .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project all of a wiki documents connected to a wiki wiki .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  view   view

test:  computes equation of the given distribution function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  function   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a standard html snippet for the given data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  null   response
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get all milestones for a given namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   api

test:  designed to obtain the array with the current position .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  null   pylint
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the region of the mean in the dataset .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  null   style
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for running tests .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  func   a
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return a proxy for the received proxy .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   tool
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts any exception objects to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert numpy array to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a tuples in the source .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  undo   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code of a code into a python code .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder surface from one ora2 functions .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   grants
truth:  null   null

test:  read bti head head file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   sort
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the size of raw text to write it in raw .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   size
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all divisors of a given iterator .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  generate   shapes
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively convert the input index to the given config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  parsing   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute outcomes outcomes using *dists* .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  c* c* diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  null   lx

test:  parses an inventory object and setup arguments .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  get   default
truth:  return   return

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to an auth request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if *uri* can be variants into variants .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to a int .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean value .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  create   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   information

test:  default markdown text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the warning level and the response .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator to fail if a method has been migrated .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  filtering kernel for output .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all qsettings from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   quarantine
truth:  return   return

test:  show reconstruction of the given model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  print   run
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a string with a particular status codes to the string codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific search is matching a search name the name of the package to remove search any additional options to modify it exists in the search for a specific
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the socketio conf .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  restart   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterator over a qr value .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a list containing the indices in which the currently lags .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   html

test:  converts a mac address into a human readable form .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of active services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  pass   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a timestamp to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  installing   runs
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a valid image key .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a fast fast data .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task payload to unicode .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a tuple of *x* .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a bytestring into unicode encoded bytes .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decodes   attempts
truth:  guess   guess

test:  launch a put to the terminal .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  grab   runs
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages that provide a git in git repository .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a datastore backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  to   display
truth:  to   helper

test:  extract the error message from the error configuration string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of pairs for a properly function .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  template   null
truth:  format   a

test:  setup the logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  make the connections if present .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse the given event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   format
truth:  given   null

test:  return the adds adds quote to the given e .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  null   example
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns list of queues definition in queue .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about the given server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the string with all non-empty characters .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  joins   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that href a specific user is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the payment rate for each pair of evaluation .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the data from a datastore path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the value is a lookup method .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to generate a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  commit dataset of user .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  function   run
truth:  github   github

test:  compare a pair of functions .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret object cix for the secrets database .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  function   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the master cli example: .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration struct_declaration struct_declaration_list semi .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  opens a file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  package   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent of the spaces .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the overridden date for a given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the header of duplicates and raises a new one that the duplicates value .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   errors
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the @no_type_check @no_type_check also use only accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm data from file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the reading of an attachment file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   filename
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a class that can be used to create a module from a module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  use   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write the votable table to disk .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return true if the site configuration has the custom configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all zeros that cant be a list of zeros .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a local path to a string .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  do   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if any of the given path matches the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a bunch of entities from a volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   configuration
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars output to a fif file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns default gnupg or user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  just ensure that it possible to settings in settings .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms the node into a dictionary .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  open a copy of a repo in a temporary directory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  function   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert action which can be passed with the otus has been attached .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure the migrations completion works properly .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the current timezone time expressed in the bytecode .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add the current language to the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  raises if not found .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a team to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on a relationship() object .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  save   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get list of responses and run the system engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  clean   copies
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   render
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of module info for which module is using standard score .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the argument name of the dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  null   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a pickle column produces a column using a pickle column .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the current notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  setup   setup

test:  build a list of kinds and only those sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  returns   duplicates
truth:  cache   cache

test:  check for unsafe checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  breaks   up

test:  issues a system shutdown around the redis database cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  called   redis
truth:  save   null

test:  allowed_request_methods: using markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits a template path which splits the given template path for the given template path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume from a instance .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detaches   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that no column does not have negative patterns .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  check   tuple
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  predicate to test if n is a safe generator that returns true if n == n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate a hash digest of the input type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  create and flag given a path to a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  construct   version
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of strings .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  simple generator for recovery instances .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   address
truth:  header   header

test:  remove a sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches database database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database store from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  sort a single distributions sorted by name .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check a status from a http status file .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  error   error

test:  take a list of strings and a list of words .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  get   words

test:  convert duration to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  checks if a path is a repository on the given dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a tuple of paths to the history paths of the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  define a list of all servers on the given server .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  null   set
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a target entry containing target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   null

test:  a pre-hook for the size-string .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of desktop icons for a user .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  set   list
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the given signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  connect   connect

test:  helper to inverse .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  index   complex
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a wrapper for the selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  extract the calling dialog of a and b .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unique paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  load a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the given file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  call or set the radial ticklines for the current axes .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other modules .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the latest distribution on the server .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  run   flocker
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr le expr | expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the lines of the filename .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon machine :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or directory from the destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   attempts
truth:  file   file

test:  safely rm a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  true if value is a string endswith .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the moving counts for both real and matrices .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   base
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for a a pair of about a javascript .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for use in code_object .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   implementation
truth:  build   build

test:  creates a protobuf field definition from a string of response .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type 2ter section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot the image and pixel as a special [token .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a single state output with the provided data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dry: the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get output for a name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  parse a template pattern into a dictionary .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  if   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a metaclass with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the data of all the configuration files found in the given directory .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  return   return

test:  create a unique filename for a mission filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a large format from a string of binary digits .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri into tuple .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get an object from a filename .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces by square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   heights
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to haematoxylin-eosin-dab color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  returns a multivariate notification notification notification with the given vm or xml-summary .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  given   a

test:  home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  look for a process in a given server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  seconds   run
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this is a helper function for making a program of seconds .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  parse a name at a given beginning of the given name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  split   node

test:  a human-readable or more log file .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone for a channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   user
truth:  sets   sets

test:  swaps a fullrank matrix for one or more sets of elements .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message has twice -> show twice .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  clear   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the docs file name for the filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  applies a list of functions to a list of links .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask a set of files to a given point .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  if   file
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 words .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to create a stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets telemetry data .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add database to each set of items in db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   null

test:  task used for executing task status for instructor instructor in instructor and handle a default task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the keyczar signer for a given payload .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a model class for the given configuration from an app_label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value of the elements in list - 1 .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  render the markdown text and return html 3-tuple .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  quote some quotes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  obj   factory
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   insert
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group security group security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   image
truth:  fetches   information

test:  a list of valid valid exploration ids for the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a configuration for working with a pacific database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify that the cases of moon and detect the whole result .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload the current working directory to a given destination directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   directories
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  checks if google cloud cloud credentials are loaded .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  searches   authentication
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   call
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to the output of the desired error messages .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  send   create
truth:  sends   a

test:  verify we can convert a convolutional masking layer functions to a single layer of order .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  try to obtain the current versions of the user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the command type associated with the given type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  project   power
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task for the given course_id .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return true if filename can be a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   test

test:  it can run only on certain paths .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  running   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes a list of acoustid objects and returns a acoustid structure of the acoustid .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   filters
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as url implementing po files .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  parse   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  create program action for a requisite .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to define a new class that is suitable for any of the dimensions? in a dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compatibility wrapper to get the certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of unfinished jobs for which unfinished is already linked .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  flat kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  find   null
truth:  create   create

test:  tries to retrieve the list from a serializer or a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   list
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form through the template .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   a

test:  check that name matches the given valid name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given by namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function makes sure a local files have a local subset of plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of all known applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  take a list of map and their values .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  model   config
truth:  map   map

test:  add global parameters table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   replication
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check that year options return value of the year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  used   date
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a filename into different contents .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   read
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called timeout is set to true .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  merge pmf based on a directory of raw abundance otu to negative .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   deseq2vs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test package to use .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  generate   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the count of the number to which a number is used in length to check if the number of characters .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  shared   abs
truth:  insert   item

test:  update the global tv cache .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  required   items

test:  handle an image from the filename .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   install
truth:  push   push

test:  api: create a list of cobbler module output .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  return the function if it exists in the template if it has the given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  for the command-line arguments in the stack .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  transform   projects
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  checks whether this configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  runs a user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  heavily is an html "deep .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  review   delete
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the os .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  save additional information to the language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  setup tellstick switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a generator of successors in the order of the bipartite graph .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into a list of links .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return first search path through s .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  return   find
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the grains of an entry in the grains file .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna help objects for a project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  retrieve   sample
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find current module in a tuple .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  given   function
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop geonode .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the spaces after the gcode text .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   check
truth:  input   input

test:  load a store by name from the uri specified by modifying file .
truth: given a location . 
test:  returns   location
truth:  given   a

test:  add surrounding loops to the gcode text .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  we search for d2 l .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  find   method
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  files   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one argument into a single string .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  return true if the user is a qurl or false .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieves command name from the command-line dictionary .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  to   function
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for standard resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  checks if the current theme is actually there .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new rule .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   in
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a content-type like urllib2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  extracts information about the named instance info .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift before the storage_policy_index column was added; used for testing used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforespi used used for testing .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent a number of sent .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  null   step
truth:  have   i

test:  finds all words in a string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  search   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize an literals or packaged configuration .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  joins   time
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all settings .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a string like the consumed parser .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to fail if a method has been rewritten .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a warning .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  to   a
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students in coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  null   view
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle type type for a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  hack   sequence
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute functional composition f(g) .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get all options for a given package .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send message to hipchat hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate metadata for a eip file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  if   metadata
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader manager .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics for a tab metric by default title .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  given a course_id .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode the given string for inclusion in a utf-8 header q .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  string   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files which can be searched by a service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  execute a remote object and execute a watch statement .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the mean value .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all of the virtual directories in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   partitions
truth:  list   current

test:  fetch a field setup for a query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a python plugin names from the same name .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a set of words .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  given   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines whether it should not be removed using the given finnish .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   matching
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating uri .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   test
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the course enrollment for a single course enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get absolute path for resource by stripping style path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args = id value for all functions in jit .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   args

test:  return a qpainterpath package object .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should extract the first scenario tags from the feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert special data to hex string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   strip
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the unicode path of a path on the filesystem path as a unicode string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and returns the lists of their paths which are not equal to the same .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterate over all skipped we need to be using a good execution .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   dictionary
truth:  converts   a

test:  update the variant of a file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  token   a
truth:  get   path

test:  split a string into an integer .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the comment views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a ext/thirdparty service object in a logical cluster .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary email email for a basket .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  write   maps
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a value from a pmf .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats exception message to make it usable by the api meant to handle http error message .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the current transport .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   in
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover all files inside a path to a module .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   error
truth:  plot   plot

test:  generate symbols pairs from a list of pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  to   element
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for flocker-node-era command-line tool .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic generic group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  signal handler to save the current in-memory archive .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  strict -> integer convert a string to positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  query   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the maximum number of api calls for which the user has url-safe .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a volumeservice client for a specific backend using a specific vserver cli example: .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  convenience function for creating dataframe blocks of dataframe dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  transform an email to a message .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is used .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the end of the query will hide it
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize the module .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  null   in
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve an enabled url for given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a dictionary with fields that can be safely be joined to a joined .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a user extension .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether it used by the finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  start   path
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to acquire an api method applicable only .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a bound to a string .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing for the bearing number .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country codes and checks if it doesnt exist .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  go through the given title and return a message object .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  send a recipient message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  function   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the *l1* *l1* of a matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given represented as invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   source
truth:  download   download

test:  create a bpm from a configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  function   constructor
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a string to a list of strings .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  get the state of the oldest whose script is installed and the version of that gdb to be prefixed .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces python string with symbols & < > " .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  format   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips the ccx and go from a course string .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  to   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  makes a naive datetime object with the given timezone and utc .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  generate an md5 hash of the contents of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  output   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates an nxm nxm entry for the given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  make   a

test:  associate volume specs to specific volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert spherical for spherical elevation .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  null   date
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transform an ascii string to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  debugging   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the new page to be processed .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  plugin   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string argument .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  null   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check the bounding transform the input transforms works as input .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   hook
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httprequest and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  dataset   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute svd of the rosenbrock function values .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children of the children of the parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a node that links to the given vm error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all urls that do not be removed .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the namespaces of the desired cluster .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  return   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  docstring   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  ajax view to start comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  does   country
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  runs the tests for the test suite .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  to   return
truth:  test   test

test:  setup function for adding simple get_all_stats .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  install   install

test:  return the name of the value corresponding to the given name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometry output by sorted by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a meta-characters from the ipv4 encoded hexadecimal string .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  get   get

test:  test decorator for a working directory .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of a partial augeas path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  merge   returns
truth:  matches   matches

test:  a decorator that calls a method on a given function .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve google search by name from the google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   publisher
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  recursively remove a list of files from the given directory .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  list   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes only filenames of python records for each db-api records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  check   issues
truth:  to   try

test:  determine whether the given power usage information is a power of the given power converter .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a simple view that redirects to a custom view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  default implementation of community .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections collections download download .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given requirement is a list-like instance .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  method to encode a nibble encoding method into an iterable of hex encoding .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace of the given expression .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trace   trace

test:  default package loader .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validates if the loop is a loop name .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  given   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the specified profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a long to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform float activations of length data prediction using convolutional cross activations using a single layer of gru units and softmax applied to the units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a dictionary to a json dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   dictionary
truth:  converts   a

test:  python implementation of unknown python interpreter .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual create create spec spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable a container by sending it to one of the container agent if one is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits bits needed to encode between 0 and 1 .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for multi-proc acl acl acl * changed acl a value returns a boolean value .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will compute the symbolic ratio of convolution operation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  flattens   seconds
truth:  null   null

test:  create and return the previous state when the state has already been reached .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  given   in
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point of the script .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the protocol database .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of a http type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this method callables callables an arbitrary response object that also contain a new response object .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  does   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  take an application and return an application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  input   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate a list of workflow instances that are marked to the workflow workflow .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  takes   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache a simple sole checks to see if the current user has a permission to cache it .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new control client for a control .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class suitable for use in serializers order .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  returns   names
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   chops
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively traverse all submodules of a directory and return a list of all submodules .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  if   os
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   line
truth:  null   null

test:  add single images in the file to the npimport .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  null   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  searches for the stage conflicts based on path .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the given tag property into the database .
truth: converts db . 
test:  show   db
truth:  db   db

test:  test that a bad html file with a list of data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   ec2
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive chars according to the given document .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  normalize   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if a field has a field descriptors descriptors .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  function   shortcut
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units after each table has been marked as they are marked after the on-disk pairs .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  move users from ini subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  call a datasetjob function and return the contents .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  starts   information
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test print/repr of dpsswavelet edge between topic r .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  reads all the certificates from the configuration file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  read   read

test:  compatibility wrapper for the absence of inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  verify   folder
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns the filename cache for tests if it doesnt exist .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  return expired sessions .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   init
truth:  list   list

test:  make a test case .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a minimum into two parts: parts: .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  take a single conf of a list of arguments .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove specific headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate which default to be used for reddit-job-update_promos: distribution .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  test   get
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merges the merge into a list of commit objects .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test to make sure the default logging module can be set .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for periodogram parameters x : int number of parameters x : int number of .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps a set of files to a file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a block cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop sending state .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   response
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should be no python virtualenv if python virtualenv is not installed .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  fix   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system 'cscript cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the lower triangular matrix of a sparse matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of bits that are divmod to have a given family .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve name of current proxies .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator that returns a method for a given route name .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  set the inter-mapper stream of a set of build items .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  retrieve all known user objects for the given user_id .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all gradient variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  retrieve all db ips for a given db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to make sure the output file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage distance that the minimum distance of the t^ .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add indices to a rank array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  header   return
truth:  take   a

test:  set salt command to use .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper function to generate groups/clusters slices and extract small slices array .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a list of lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  when a page has been gathered .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  list all chunks for a named host or a specific host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  takes a color triple and converts it to a color triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods with this instance .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verifies that the username exists on the specified user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is a silly function for use in the default loader .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  null   function
truth:  is   null

test:  returns t-test for the multivariate sample size .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  null   scipy

test:  extract encodings content from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the version representation of a deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return integer part of given number or fail .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date as enabled by the given zone name .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors and returns {deleted: false} if cors false} if cors were not deleted and returns {deleted: false} if
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points by the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   process
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register all admin widgets to the admin widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for url .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  set or change field of an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  validates   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders a template with context as html .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  test whether an object is an instance of type .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  emulate   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  create a list of tool from a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a dict of the document info in the json document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   json
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a listing summary of questions to a html file .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  the file names of all the filenames .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  extract   order
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock wrapper to return a mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  assign a class to a class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  verifies   tests
truth:  to   null

test:  checks that the current api version with appropriate parameters .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete specific query that matches a query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  query   query

test:  create multiple locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  log   log

test:  computes the dw matrix from a graph .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  computes   build
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an ubus scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list contents of a commits .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get geometry output from elementnode .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the icon for a resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  compute the l2 or sequence of two numbers .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns for a domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  retrieve report from given report name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a zero-filled network and train it for a few epochs on a dummy network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  save   target
truth:  test   test

test:  internal function to format a comma pair for a given option .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if python-memcached is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  ask   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the zigbee scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  validate   constructor
truth:  insures   null

test:  sends a check_precondition .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the output of a filesystem on the test cases .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit works as expected .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   wether

test:  unpack each line of the polyline .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders of a tree .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists command to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  source   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return square .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   source
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared where the user is shared for all owner .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   bom
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  module   add
truth:  clean   up

test:  make a view that returns an ogr view with the given arguments .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  build   a

test:  when a single page with an available page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   in
truth:  checks   page

test:  copy f to a polynomial in its nested dictionaries .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure that the user is required .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   set
truth:  default   default

test:  gets a template string from a code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the float of the sample data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   null
truth:  move   move

test:  return the default scale of all performance of a softmax .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check that the column reader gives a new reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sends a threading of command commands to database .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  called   null

test:  given a merge .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  walk   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  authenticate against django template tag .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the language to another function .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  extract   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that before using a text .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   newlines
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gets the output of a file .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a value .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a sympy expression representations .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   numbers

test:  read the output of the specified string .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   kb
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract specialization signature from string .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   read
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  read and return a numpy image from data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity between two points .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  return an expression structure which will take a range of timestamp values .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   function
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the sid for the named container cli example: .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of students metrics in the given problem .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with datetime objects threshold .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for a callback to parse json option as a dictionary .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   python
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up a filename of a function without checking if it exists .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  appends   load
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes points to the given size .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert whether the tpot cli example: .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and applies the color(s) on color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dict containing the pid of a given process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the validation if it exists .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   count
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros tuples by its unstructured tuples with its given inputs .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  -   one
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement text to fix a number of spaces in text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  construct   text
truth:  text   text

test:  convert a vif model name to a vif model name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  formats   insert
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power of the given power or <version>} .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  is   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  custom implementation of the documentation callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  rational rational position of position allowed to be traced or base position .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds and returns the corresponding paths in the given root .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  dict of a i{distrib} options for a given type .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up sharing worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   up
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two versions of a version and version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   version
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an arbitrary string which is the arbitrary element of the input element .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tries to get a name from a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that provides a fixture of win_id 'key-config' .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether a numpy array of all finite type parameters x : array-like a numpy array of all the element of an array-like and finite .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  like   like

test:  test that using bugs ordered by the c module is defined correctly .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  null   in
truth:  include   include

test:  test tcp/udp validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema resource from json .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  use this instead of custom latest class to register a custom instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   default
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in a given iterable .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an object for a given python object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise the rainbow .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  config   key

test:  load an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   create
truth:  create   a

test:  convert digest to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   date
truth:  converts   a

test:  factorial of nonnegative integer x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test retrieving an api .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  given   generic
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  if   names
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return some encryption of a flash request for both the osf embarrassingly-simple and a flash encryption wed .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  replace   copies
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container container container id container id id id subprocess id of the container to run all the generated shell id for the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   input
truth:  control   control

test:  decodes a name/value encoded secret from the given string .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a descriptor for attribute .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  updates the value of a file in the schedule timestamp file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls external api .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  drop   packages
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten an iterator .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a fake dataset instance from a list of sequences .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a form class from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure decorating cant compile functions with a dot .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an object to a single trace component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for its magnitude imported .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  registers the initialization .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   validates
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a dictionary with proper data in it .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the fitness for a sequence .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  compute   class
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a ssl certificate cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility method for creating cellname .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  check if the function passed through and return true if the function is running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   null

test:  a skeleton interface to the mysql server .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  uses   restart
truth:  log   in

test:  helper to convert protobuf message protobuf to footer .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search text for a enocean by a pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   index
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the home directory for all apps .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the periods atlas of a number .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds an argument to the whole root .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  null   arg
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return markup .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq module .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  execute   pick
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   commit
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether floating-point is equal to equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a text into some cone form .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  detects   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  given a number of parameters count the accepted upp and a scalar .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a pair to a corresponding normal julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  convert   a

test:  internal method for creating a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  block   sign
truth:  signs   a

test:  this is a style function to determine if the full style name is a style file object .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a mysql server configuration from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites fh output .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a report to remove a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a server accepts connections on a specific host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  create a config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  load   python
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   event

test:  return a list of test db which can be converted to the test suite for test db .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the default output of the current request .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level hermite polynomial of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  from github issue #2053 .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a before cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  change   change

test:  update a default colormap to be updated when an error is raised .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   update
truth:  change   change

test:  test that the jupyter can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a description of the instance id .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   type
truth:  describe   null

test:  complete complete value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   default
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an object in the specified bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  format   in
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate distorted box for each pixel .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if email is a valid email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a package to the package name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for serializable of serializable and similar it to a document .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  takes a standard request type and returns a standard response object .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name points to the given uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for testing sqla sqla -> -f(x) .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts a string using base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  ensure   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   replay
truth:  return   return

test:  builds a display spec for the current instance .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  look   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for a current thread and resets the global namespace .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  resets   a

test:  simple sort key for latex text .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  null   help
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  read   types
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to capture a path to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  single place to datacenter a datacenter in a single virtual machine .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   point
truth:  let   null

test:  convert a time string to a timestamp object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a process run .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  run   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an argument to an iterable .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  password   normalizes
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove database records that are associated with the database and the bus .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  config   networks
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blobinfo upload upload key from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the manifest corresponding to a filename from a filename .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  internal helper to resolve a code code object .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts all arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  set the current power to the given power .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the direct directory to use with the given user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts id from 32bit id to poster .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   commit
truth:  takes   a

test:  read compensation 32-bit integer from the plain text file .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   read
truth:  count   count

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  test that an ssl linux package has been registered .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a blaze expression to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns the windows free pointer for a windows path file .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   category
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  test if pants version of pants is available .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the file or directory of a file .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   location
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath a bcachex or cache to a real dev :return: basename of bcache dev of bcache bcache device only supports dev if no device points to syspath .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   server
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two typename where one and another is == a new one .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  breaks a file of one file in datestamp .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a textual uniquely handler which implements a slugify .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip all additional parameters from the provided query string .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  list   searches
truth:  strip   strip

test:  attach a dummy node to the given node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  configure   class

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  whitespace   string
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extract information from a cookie instance .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   in
truth:  given   a

test:  for a given wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  transform   list
truth:  null   a

test:  render a template with unicode entities as data .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  evaluate the value of the given dimension u .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  allow for a nested tuples in a nested graph .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterate   crud
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  locate   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the vat number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  stores   host
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the geometric conj given two numbers .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return those items of added to new dictionary .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a form for a basket form .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves the first ie of a rational function s .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  p   string
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   performance
truth:  color   color

test:  iterator over all the exceptions occured .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a yaml table string for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  wrapper function to get a mysql requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  uses   execution
truth:  mock   mock

test:  generate a form which will use the data with a form status .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  return true if *uri* is a gethookrecorder .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   path
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function for creating a temporary directory by marking the path to the binary interface .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a setting value in a given parsers .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a caffemodel object for the self-generated document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named database is present name the name of the user to assign permission to the password of the password of the password of the password to true to
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths of the xmlobject of a plugin plugin .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if http header is already json .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  put   put

test:  enum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a value is less than other memory .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  read chunks from a file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  null   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  matches against tokenization .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms handler .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  error   return
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches all ratings for an exploration from the specified exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  for a given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  stack   compile
truth:  returns   a

test:  return particular object untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  deletes   request
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos qos qos to appear as root .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the given input and response input variables .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the required size of a device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  support   returns
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile cli example:: salt myminion salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns one or more units to one or more units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the fw or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  to   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test isolation sample function .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a recent pathpatch path to a 3d path .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require a package to be uninstalled .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the applications module using django applications .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  install   django

test:  set the pyglet configuration variables for pyglet .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  config   copies
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a directory name .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  null   git
truth:  check   check

test:  create a metropolis property for a batch_normalization .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  define   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a unicode string as an unicode string .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  start   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  checks if a theano variable would be expressed against another tensor .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  if   variable
truth:  check   number

test:  given an iterable of item item as returned by the limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  usage   usage

test:  check that the name of the 1d font is defined in x .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  kludge   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validates if a string is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return debugging frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  to   return
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should extract the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the number of bits of n bits in ascending order .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of indices in which starts with chunk of the form or string make this obtains appear in the form of the sentence -> [[]] .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  normalized   insert
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the pack version to match a pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  format   function
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  creates a function that produces a semaphore object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup modbus sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random length of the given length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  null   path
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path to the container path .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  only normal values of string .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  convert   argument
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data into a specific returner .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  parsed   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a pair .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  wrapper around request to render a view of the response .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   networks
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a accordion request to the given course .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 2ter section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment and place a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object as a dict .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file from the specified path .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the manifest by dir from dir .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   use
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages loaded on the backend loaded loaded loaded messages .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a string representation of the date which the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows cohort discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the yadis class by the tree with the given tag .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns list of objects as prefetch .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  support   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scans the plot .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if chef is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from a vhd .
truth: grab image . 
test:  view   fetch
truth:  grab   image

test:  a little helper method to send the dpid that checks the dpid generated from the dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the bounce nodes in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  start   null
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the changes of publishing .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a query .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  make   a

test:  return list of column names from column .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the bounded intervals of an array of samples .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a key by option it .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   names
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to a onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  count the number of chunks of a set of a sequence .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current system retcode .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar for a scalarmappable spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  produce   null

test:  given a setting value .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test the quantity of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service is configured .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  example: version of pythons bar .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  add   null
truth:  check   check

test:  to put a disk image from a virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  start   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  forces string to a valid python string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  makes a histogram from an absolute filename .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   load
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a returns a vector shared variables .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   customer
truth:  create   a

test:  enable logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  delete a user .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience wrapper for ipython .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  template   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  plain plain drawing should be done in a windowing environment .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   checks
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict with the current request .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively collects all files and any directories in the tree .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of a device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if caching is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return true if f is constant from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of default arguments for each argument in consumers .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a low-level term bit using the given c .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   term

test:  list the tags available .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a correlation coefficient by lag-polynomials ar and ma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  uses   frills
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  create dummy dummy apps .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   place
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to an ssh configuration .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  default default implementation of the default default .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  look   default
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  feature length has scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a list of the shorthand in the given root .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  a replacement for django .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  assert   code
truth:  null   null

test:  get the layer for an image and return the layer as a string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the zoneinfo file path .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  file   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  takes a list of loss .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the dimension kernel for a given color .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the volumes inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just check_duplicates for use with skill - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  compute distfitmc size of a sample from an image distribution parameters nan : array of observations observations that can be converted to a simple image to the sample size :
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  evaluate   params
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory to be used for temporary commands .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test that pathological cases of deconvolution method equals .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   values

test:  load a compilable order of a module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 for a pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  move   read
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a raw timestamp to cpu seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a class that serves a name of a class to the type of a stack class .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return a module in the hardware warning .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   function
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim is the distance between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  given   up
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads a file or directory and an optional directory .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests gmail]/ folders can be labeled with one role .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  map all returned tags to a string .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   access
truth:  provides   null

test:  send emails to scene email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  email   fetch
truth:  renders   null

test:  decodes the base64 encoded text to plain format .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  running   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load a dictionary with fixed values from a dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   formats
truth:  null   word

test:  recursively creates a directory like file .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment format .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  parses a coefficient coefficient b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning value for a graph .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a string in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to json .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the package that was just a given job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load given string from certificate .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create to extract a resource provider provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  null   message
truth:  to   post

test:  generate an individual query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generate shared otus from a multiple sequences .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  define   function
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable in temporary directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from disk .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory usage in a packed .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   get
truth:  simulate   a

test:  given a querystring .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the output of a file as a static path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess name for your python interpreter .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the correct image joining on an image .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   top
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new blowfish object .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compresses the output of a function as a thing code that ignores all the messages messages messages .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore publish pathignore tasks in pathignore plugin .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted string of the current host .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  copy   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  creates new methods with open permissions .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  set the trace for a trace .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  context   decorator
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the environment variables for the current environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  search   delete
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  translates a complete map of a list of data into a single string of zzz data .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  text   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns the actionexecution of the parent of all the depth which contain the parent node .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query by queries from the given database .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert utc to decimal decimal instance .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all logging calls .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  converts the loops into a list of tuples .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  read data from a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract the current page from the given page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  list   list

test:  print out the user and redirects the canvas back to .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  handle   in
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only allow module if the os is installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the roles is admin .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that column can be added to column name .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the test passes with the given message .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to an existing rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  inspect   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied name takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the indexes of a graph g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data for mysql server using the default upnp backend .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  generate   git
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return true if value is a valid git sha sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the size of the provided size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   invariant

test:  translates plot data in legend to plot the rest data .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   compatibility
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create an array of shape from a given shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  produces up a single xml character references .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  post   post

test:  plot a single figure in a plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  create   send
truth:  display   display

test:  square the input array so that the given axis is undefined .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns true if the given category is either letter or change .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish the command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac sha of a key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  taken from python module tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator of iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a generator that yields a generator .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given locale will be included in the given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  if   return
truth:  files   files

test:  create an object or list of attributes .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container container container container timeout id timeout : restart timeout timeout cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   container
truth:  restart   a

test:  default function for parallel in the class .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate unique id of the key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the versions of a namespace requests that are following english .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a map of inverse to compute the inverse map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   time
truth:  build   a

test:  given one result from mapbox .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   one

test:  set update update different environment variables .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a dict with all info of the users matching text .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   function
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more jobs from a dict .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   try
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change the locate database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the matlab for a given number between epoch and epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  is   numbers
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to run the function only on active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a view for publicdef routes .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  like   link
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of tuples of all available translation codes .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  executes   html
truth:  return   return

test:  compute matrix generation .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  resample   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random string of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  writes a file .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  clear   handler
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a passed mode for the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   get
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network graph with n nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return preferred representation of given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples of the named failed .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear activation function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   indices
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a string with a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  you can add a file to the network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to return data http or local url .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates imagenet versions of batches of imagenet images for versions of both the given label and label .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  builds a list of all partial score rates .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the arguments to use for the script .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  null   git
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a list of timeout completion for the specified user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write out configuration files from a site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  translated   access
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value from an primary value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download and configure an anonymous client .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the hexadecimal string by number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get fast version of sklearn data .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and parse a string to a valid validation .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  fix bug but always use the attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a version-2 list of dicts into a dict of items as a filter object .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  given a list of offset or a string of offset .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature byte components of a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if any of the distribution uses patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  using   filter

test:  pass me a r2 object .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create a databases cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return a decorator that checks if a app is installed .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  list   return
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create a list of tables which contain all tables in the table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a unique identifier for a python string and machine .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  null   reports
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   read
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and updates global state and prepare it with command line plugins and error state .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  writes a video to a video file using audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called right after each process in a given signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  null   initializer

test:  validates a list of numbers .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a set of values .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   filters
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse http header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to mark a method as a callback function that supports the response .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  runs source engine .
truth: helper function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect collect context for the page .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  set   information
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  from a date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  substitute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the hyperbolic integral of input function for the animation function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components of the line corresponding to check the principal components of the original components .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  null   create
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return true if the header is valid .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the bridge instance for the program .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require that a user has a view to require a specific user .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom custom table sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a better instance that relates a given entity instance this querys primary level of this querys .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns true if the state was attached on the status status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  null   return
truth:  map   map

test:  return the dictionary for the language code .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate configuration directory and a folder .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  translate   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for write_local: writes the local root to a local root .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  read   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the corresponding contexts node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a sympy integer to a native object .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  convert   a

test:  deactivate a realm .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  clear   context
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  given a list of value** strings .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc returns a string of the given number of seconds .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  deactivate   a
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see url .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set kwargs to be saved in the post-processing table .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a new virtual record for testing purposes .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  is   function
truth:  create   create

test:  register a new instance of the grains storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test in release to be used in git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of maximum characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  not really a unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  to   try

test:  a callback which accepts no threading results .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate millisecond given datetime .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a domain via the minion .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a iterators with an api generic view that matches the given object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions available for the given function cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers for all renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the given attribute name .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  translate   a

test:  get a list of security group id if aws is securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone time in time .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load system option .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  return an adapter adapter script .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud sizes on a specific selinux provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns a base frequency stride for the provided stride and opattern .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the maximum number of properties for the given context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean up the module called when no default is given .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   null
truth:  debug   debug

test:  ignores a specific action .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  given   command
truth:  run   program

test:  this function creates a directory for a file .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  print the results in a given diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that any indices in iterable and return them .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if obj is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generic method that compares a list of named tuples .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full site to the user-shared config folder .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the intersection of a graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  completely remove all files from the old package .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local bottom-hat of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add to the supplied course modes for all problems in the course .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  be   add
truth:  append   course

test:  read names with normal names and check that the column table provided .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  read   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to an existing port number .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy dtype list to a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  translates   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  show a summary of followed by a specific name cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   a

test:  add courses units to the unit units .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  runs pip with the contents of the pip package .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the path to the path of the app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes a string to base64 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  reverse   matplotlib
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  naive version of the first half of the given file t .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return logging handler .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  time   get
truth:  init   init

test:  test that no file can be used to remove a clean directory .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  a decorator that turns a function into a class .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to show a warning .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  create   exception
truth:  to   hook

test:  read the process of a process from a file .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child data child modify .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a series of series is actually a series of the compatibility function .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  if   one
truth:  check   check

test:  returns 8-bit 8-bit string of the supplied 8-bit value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  serializes   url
truth:  string   string

test:  acovf for arma process with error neighbor neighbor ar and be converted to resizing .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  return an interactive string if the request contains an interactive instance of the response .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  write   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the review apps for all objects .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   failure
truth:  revert   null

test:  take an symbol .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id of the scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes a per byte string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  null   function
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port name .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier series expansion between seq and func .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a contingency matrix for contingency clusters .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create a dictionary of contents .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  select   iterator
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  if a .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  test   rfc
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the right token for a given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments by the first argument to a list .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the current db ip address .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get a class of a group in a system .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extend any executing links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  function   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image or a virtual image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract all egg objects from a list of image files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new *rules object .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  result   result

test:  install dependencies of the main event loop .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  access   one
truth:  import   import

test:  sends user to your account .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  compute   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  get a generator of all version belonging to a versions of version .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y x_value: a numpy value y_value: a numpy value returns the value of the cached
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the accessed additions of the command .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  func   pick
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  hyperbolic cotangent of the contents of a polynomial .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  stats   update
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse my parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  make   null

test:  test that download exit status code when blank requirements specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean of an input mean .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   import
truth:  take   null

test:  time zone to local time if necessary .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter status .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar ratio of block .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove fit docstrings of docstrings docstrings .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  filtered   multiple
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of naive email address .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  memoize decorator .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  list   a
truth:  is   null

test:  displays profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  t t and the projection error between points defined by n .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   vectors

test:  create standard deviation .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   default
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the installed entrypoint migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a log file .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a list of tid to a text id .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the database tables .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve an encoding name to a list of aliases .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  rowfunc a time series .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  given a api keys describe its properties .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a dictionary by values for each argument in a list .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   list
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  to   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply the inverse of epochs on a set of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of array scores .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the lower value of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale for a specific locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return indexing of indexing chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   nltks
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib version contains installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that the namespace given by the namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options for this specific type .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  noop -> r^1 .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reduce two arrays using a and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  converts a :class:pyramid .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  retrieve catalog creds from catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   service

test:  return a utc timestamp to utc timestamp .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   a

test:  remove an sns resource from a zone zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get the imported class by name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for skipping .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  make   function
truth:  send   a

test:  builds a dictionary of public-facing test based on base64-encoded fields .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  build   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data source .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget gives the tixexfileselectbox representation of the file system directory and makes it easy for the user provided by the tixexfileselectbox or more suggestive .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the new tagged .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  activate   set
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at a single ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a list of tuples into a database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  call   key
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   command
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic function .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the configurator component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  output the contents of the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the direct command line of an array .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns absolute path of given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate by w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the given options and exit .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the system command for debconf layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of paths to a parent directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip all files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  strip   a

test:  returns true if the given class name is either optional or not .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  change   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command to exit with no console console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all the available volume data .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   care
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the values used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the variance of the given list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix exponential of two univariate polynomials .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the various login login method required by the given course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  correction of normal loglikelihood wrt mean .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   null

test:  filters - targets - targets - targets - targets - targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  imports a class to contain attributes of a list of attributes .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a gpio .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key repository is not setup correctly .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the local ip address for the given target or none if no target is specified .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get list of unique tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  count   connect
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins output .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  named   load

test:  test that you cant find all emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  null   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from an invalid between an open file .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  a decorator to add a function to a normal query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  have   null

test:  check for a @path of negative .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   version
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string of positive integers .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that a phone number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the contents of a error messages to a temporary module .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check the given endpoint to see if it is currently running .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  return   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   version

test:  group x by subtracting each element of the matrix x and y .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  clear only the rate of the user calls the given request .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  executes   rate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary of all the metadata for a particular thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  github   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific interface cli example: salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   network

test:  convert space to one-hot array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that the contents of a command exists .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a message to a course structure .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  requests   index
truth:  using   migration

test:  handle reproducible by reproducible when multiscope a fully qualified name is called url .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers for services services services .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that generates a different represent the purpose for each table .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a assist code for the given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   python

test:  lists the inline message of the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  do   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new child group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the tuple containing step step step .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full paths .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers list and data list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if a point is a segment .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  recursively resolve all the anno steps .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template string for a template object .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of dictionaries from a dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a value .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  iterate   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the special product of a and lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the query to use for configured by flavors .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake handshake handshake file .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test that the logout is shown .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  null   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  extracts the primary code at the given source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   python

test:  default data type check .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  default   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  start   callback
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get a libcloud http data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dicts into one step .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute a generator of files and display them as a series of the given dir .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings and other entities from the given index .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   entities
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging module .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  build a dictionary of ipy for ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  safely decodes a string to unicode .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   string
truth:  value   value

test:  get a 'mri' from a column .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml string using the policy object .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a fully-qualified model class that can be used by the admin module .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  do   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the functionality for every theme theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  run   filters
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the list of users that an startup to a user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  simple test for mne source provides a newline where the min_zero stops stops the column covariance and size .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for map popups to just mobile useful for map programmes permissions .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut for a specific column .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url of a url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  return authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  import   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to write status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  read a similar set of a sequence .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  test density normal scale returned by the mean .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model that can be used to train a yaml file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   processing
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for a method to be run with the provided arguments .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert stashed html to a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  tell whether a iterate is reported .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  compute   records
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if url is a url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a string containing the mentions of the input context .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  patch   decode
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the number of jitter jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   in
truth:  run   a

test:  finds the thresholds of a given class or coordinates .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the multi-class line option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  null   function
truth:  test   line

test:  register a file or directory on the host system .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  like   pairs
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of sets of entries in seq[i] that are sorted by a dictionary .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of non-zero elements .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files which have been marked as cases .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  find   find

test:  find the cover page where the container contains the cover version for the given opf .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  make a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a multi-line multi-line attribute lookup by a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the configured tokens cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  ensure   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of all package directories for which a particular package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  unpacks   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  gets the number of validation digit digit digit .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a configuration to a float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare partitions of different components of baseline blocks .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the migration migration to total migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   metadata
truth:  save   migration

test:  run a command specified by argument .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   null

test:  get a document and document and document info .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  null   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if a file exists .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  cleans status of a docker headers .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add ast to the given node .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a comment is published .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  send   send

test:  measure of the whole benchmark of all the whole measure .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   test
truth:  measure   measure

test:  wait for the given process to become active when an unhandled port is raised .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate the response :type a http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of the nearest value of a feature matrix .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts text using ssh ssh .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture providing a slow-spawning object using shape_i .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   app
truth:  test   test

test:  inbox inbox inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  content   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  a verbose_name for django .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a specific option exists .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether the given backend can be enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall the task id of the device .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add page .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two dag strings to their spacing .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered centered .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that when we want to gpu a cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts dict to a string that can be converted to naive .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a binary string to a native object .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  sqeuclidean * singular value .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  checks the plugin path for the output .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   record
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if a given kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  modify the badge context for a given user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  null   one
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use spaces .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require a project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state to separate .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   time
truth:  set   set

test:  download a list of file names from a list of results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   page

test:  display list of legacy redirects to initiate redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy for exposed methods whose methods are exposed by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if filename looks like a file or its canonical method .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check that the anchor has a valid hash file syntax using the last output of a file extension .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   html
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if object is a tuple of :class: .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind all the parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pass   in
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes of a given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  simple_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts rbrace .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends an score score to one or more assignment .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   changes
truth:  create   create

test:  get the elements of a list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group a generator which returns the elements of a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  null   function
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a certificate to jose .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of available preferred aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   null

test:  determines whether it should be allowed to query for a particular view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   count
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  dummy function for doctesting cublas .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  clears   shutdown
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if docker libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function that function the structure of the tuple returned in the template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  check if a user is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the distance matrix x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  tests for no support .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine functions and return the container path .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the riak module .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  test   riak
truth:  runs   a

test:  mark a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a data object .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  workaround for display .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all available package upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the contents of a text file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   read

test:  transform multiple tuples into one big tuples .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  transform   format
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email using djangos email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   email
truth:  context   context

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a string consisting of image tag names .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return true if the matplotlib general api is interactive .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return dataframe code : name of the notebook .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  download   download

test:  if the node is a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  does   null

test:  removes any email requests that are ready for the current user .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  adds   apply
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique index from the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the flags given by flags .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if f can be a nzb or a file .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  emulate the "where "where of a string .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  return   context
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a command on a specific matrixsvg .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  newton version of the degree distribution .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  null   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between two rows of a single vpc matrix .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  using <n|alpha> for the edge distribution .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that initializing from a setting value .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if a string is a two numbers .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string containing the elements of a oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  compute labels of middle tensor of shape and labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   labels
truth:  pads   null

test:  write the summary of a template file containing a list of all the files .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   download
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is a gcode file .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  similar to tornado .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  authorization version of spam using the api server .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generates a temporary setting from a repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  change   set
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an image into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an iterable of predicate for a predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  null   work
truth:  like   like

test:  runs the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a given cache cluster is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to set the required length of a stack to required by a mismatch to required by replacing a list of option .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  return   calling
truth:  generates   a

test:  table with a multi-dim of a set of groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  check that the unicode flag is converted to the right answer .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  make   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  all rows from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  list   a
truth:  work   work

test:  render a list of cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  tests   view
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the statement statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  this allows a class to be a failure or interface to be a interface .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  add a parent token using firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  view   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general general quadratic diophantine quadratic ternary equations .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db type for the given resource type and type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses title or xml title and return the url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filter a list of strings like filter on one or more strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a tenant already exists and return if the tenant was made .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an error to the writable .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  resolve   data
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log object emitting the vlc module name of the vlc object emitting the vlc object emitting .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  returns a unique resource type for a resource type and type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  interprets   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  file   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the file name .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   version
truth:  normalize   a

test:  fetch hosts from a set of tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  test   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port cli examples: .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from the extended location from the last location .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  launch some branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  stop   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system at_time the system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given esi is a valid esi .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  short handler for qute:gpl .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  filter out child paths from a set of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get paths to the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  url   a
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g has distance regular a distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab graph .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   form
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that a gpg level file exists .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform using a n-dimensional mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  transform   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if a key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an existing transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  null   source
truth:  copies   copies

test:  determine data to use for http error handling .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface cli example: .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds indentation level .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a mapping of whitespace to the torrents of a space to identify using the following class .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  call   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that the gl gl backend can be set .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of sequences for a given set of pattern .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function for the git checkout and returns a list of git strings .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a test that resets its modification config .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a time in seconds to hms .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over all python files and its name .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get disk counters .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  overrides   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure that no request is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  default   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  clears   run
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a dictionary with all notifications functions as any of the notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  loads an object or a filename .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  object   object

test:  use this decorator to check the given implementation of the wrapped function .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if pymongo is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists datastores in this vmware environment .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  default get_id .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  get   current

test:  return true if two characters are actually preprocess in a search query string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  performs   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  create   context
truth:  renders   null

test:  url existing use of misc .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  doctest   format
truth:  =   =

test:  return sum of volume sum for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start running geonode .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  starts   frappe
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url thunder:// .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the surface of a given array .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  cleans   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a virtual .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   listeners

test:  gets the path to the python directory name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  like   check
truth:  create   create

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = zero .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  using   y_in
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a string is a valid precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be run outside a single test case .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  interactively from popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  given a file name return the directory to find its path of current working directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either the download .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears a single registry .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure we can display to display a egl .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  write a set of bytes into a given file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  write   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that a python value is importable .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a context manager for locking results in a cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  move   callback
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a list of sqlalchemy extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets fixed ips from a vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  apply an entry to an existing model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a wsgi connection for the given engine .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn all files that isnt supported by the configuration .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return a share service that matches rx service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a grep line from grep to the definition .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  preferred   find
truth:  called   null

test:  remove double components .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   read
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an iterable of combination from the dictionary and returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split a path into its component parts .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  get   get

test:  safely load a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  take a ternary value and returns a string .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  helper method for collect resource fields as a dict .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  ensure   changes
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a sympy expression to a sparksql build .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return the *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration record .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  context   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  function to create a key_pair key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a comment to the end of all occurrences of "information_schema" identifier .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  adds   appends
truth:  complete   null

test:  read a string .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  function   function
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  starts a new kanbanboard server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test configuration file management .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup sitemap app .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the user type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the bound bound for the given problem .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a numpy array to a numpy array of int64 polynomials .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send an event for a newly event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   classes
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes option .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig prefix .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  gets   file
truth:  ask   null

test:  validating of all packages that need to be built .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses an integer description and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert the input value to a theano type and returns the new date .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  if   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic function .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generator for search output of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic a /proc/net/tcp of p .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  null   example
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user for the user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a string to an ipv6 address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  searches   returns
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse *text* or lead using ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  convert   modules
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a polynomial if condition is a type .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a field tree format .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  heavily -> utf-8 .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  create   characters
truth:  null   null

test:  compute autocovariance function for dimensiondata times given coordinates .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns which specifies r and has the given secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if key can view key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that we want to copy a regression whose names start with a newline .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  start   test
truth:  test   a

test:  cartesian request handling .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  to   request
truth:  make   null

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  directly call a function inside a loader directory .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  trims a python module .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  parse   stop
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a random element with func func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the uri after the uri or ?unc .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strip   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return partition information from a problems cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read all of the evokeds file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  null   context
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check for a controller name .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a wrapper to compile a device .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a dictionary for an expression tree that builds a default expression .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset of users as a queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a pipelineloader that uses the given names to the given names .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode data to base64 .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  set up temporary analyze args: temporary temporary file to set prime returns: temporary analyze a analyze file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  null   style
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return the given html with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a start .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  null   get
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad an iterable object into a new host .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  tokens   minimum
truth:  pad   pad

test:  show an image .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a module in a python module namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the object input to base64 format .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous cart cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  using   null
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the default list of modules available on the system .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  unicode   str
truth:  null   representation

test:  convert entities to end .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  generate a py-setproctitle dict that can be attached to a given start .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  discover and print privileges privileges to a special machine .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  run   os
truth:  get   memory

test:  checks for top_cfg that maps portion of portion to top_cfg .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compares   comparison
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a function that may be passed to a sample function .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get custom state for warning .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an entry .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a content-type like http header into a dictionary .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dict of common file using shelve headers .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method from the command line of the form .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from a wsgi environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  look   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  call func with a callable .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a *axis* matrix from the command line .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   filter
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared squared error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns equation for a pair of a point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of feed entries contained in the feed feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  stacks list of tuples .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an object holding a standardized datetime .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sorting   key

test:  get the base directory for ipython this python cache .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using performing a nonlinear cases .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling list of accounts for every default price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the given contents exists .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test that a user has invalid user from invalid user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  fixture   default
truth:  config   config

test:  return the volume type for a volume type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  list vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a string and returns a list of strings .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   uid

test:  get y y value from four data .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  install   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a function or method as an http role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  host   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the most recent data for a given recent job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install the installation module if the os installed .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   path
truth:  installs   null

test:  if request fails .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  raise struct_or_union when path isnt supported by path .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  output   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send paramiko to a remote host using the selected remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  concatenate   copies
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if a transaction is in a managed managed transactions .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  writes a sysfs attribute/action at a given file with the given value .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove metadata tags associated with the counter_type method .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  changes the output of a command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   cmd
truth:  command   command

test:  test if the part looks like a numpy exception .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test that exception is shown in the zfs stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   feature
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test docker-compose for empty .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for marking a non harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces invalid characters in a valid python code with a valid python code rate .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a directory from the ports store name the feature to install .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip notify zulip from the console log .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   null

test:  transform demarta demarta to tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   value
truth:  mixed   null

test:  returns the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a list of characters overlap in the current table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  signal a user in group .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of all the files names .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  run   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert a group to the group id string for a given group id .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a clip of the given clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether a path exists .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  uninstall a middleware and automatically clear its current wsgi application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  func   waits
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a wrapper around param .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  modify a tarball of dependencies for an installed package .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  store   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of absolute paths that represent a path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update or update quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  deferredgenerator wrapper for inserting a regular expression .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view function which sends a email change email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  be   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge the solution in a solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  function   generic
truth:  is   null

test:  load updated variables .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   method
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details in either a new submission or a stack question .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a string path .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  file   in
truth:  write   test

test:  test if the matplotlib weights can be set .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  given a %}1 .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch and get ami for instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the configured database .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   country
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the system supports the arguments field exists .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for each service in the given cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  file   up
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that yields a file and yields a generator .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return value of the ordered dictionary with all elements stripped .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  null   function
truth:  left   null

test:  implement text or a single filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show all available dialog objects of an error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   method

test:  run a module in the local filesystem namespace note that the executed module will be overwritten: the "exec" namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the current line should be closed .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  determine   find
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the user exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call the given command .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  runs   runs

test:  set except to signal handler .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from a reason .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [servers] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a param .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  list the list of available regions and their existing ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   get
truth:  report   report

test:  javascript javascript function for the xmodule xmodule .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  null   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native type given a human readable range of bytes .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test various invalid values .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  stub   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the value is not a fd .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  value   convert
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the available services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily change the temporary directory to help .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns equation of a protobuf of open point .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  get a class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the torrent info dictionary for a given hash and return it .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  apply kelvin to passed file .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the configuration from a configuration file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated in an expression form .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  tries to get the mac address configured by the pci ifname .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all zones for a specified zones .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   everything

test:  display an image layers .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   options

test:  parse a valid looking date to a date string .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls the function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a configuration dictionary .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  provide   access
truth:  create   create

test:  represent ordereddict as a string .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   dictionary
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the similarity of a distance distance between the synset distance token .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  null   get
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert 2 containers to a pair of epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return a datetime object corresponding to the given today .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   configuration
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate a valid device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a namespace engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a flag to unless its not in commit .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  does   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  arrange a list of tuples .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require *any* user tests .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a tuple of current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a uri string .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  evaluate 3d polynomial padding at a given vectors with "padding" padding .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  calls   print
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test for a version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  varies a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  create   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  parse system email to a free system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  use this function to override the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  updates   run
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table function columns and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets the task user .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   country
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise warning if there are any .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  reads   method
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent to the rest of the right alignment .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   i

test:  return the oauth parameters from a dict .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  function   a
truth:  look   up

test:  check if the given similarity similarity is actually supported .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly and delete all of its managed pages .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a unicode string to an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  is   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy object for a users .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  token   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get a hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  create   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a node that returns the tree .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads pil images from file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the form of an object value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a filter to base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  =   null
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  clear   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new devices of a protocol .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic string for a magic object .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the userroleassignmentdb ids of the collection collection ids .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of daily objects .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  locate   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add single value to the java and the given forward bytes .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given image file and return its entity version .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  destroy a package using its name .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a column when a column has a single column view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a string .
truth: print line . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review groups all valid groups have valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns binary representation of provided addresses .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return absolute path of resource with url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  update the output of data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of scopes to a scope set .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  configure the signal that is of the order of similarity lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  create   estimate
truth:  order   order

test:  execute the proxy edits on the meaning of the current environment .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like token into a list of trackinfo objects .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  null   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the given http object in the list of connections connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   nodes
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns true if the current request has already been set .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  log a message .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   callback
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function provided function to a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score loss for several binary loss .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  test   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests to see if the host exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class value to an excel class .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  only works on skeleton of the inits given flags .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the opacity opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   set
truth:  change   change

test:  default package level .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse one of the large formatters and return a large of cmd .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   git
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the api probe types to a python api .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a string in bytes into a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   shorthand
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup worker for worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  testing   restore
truth:  setup   setup

test:  i18n i18n .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  converts   v

test:  start specific ready for use in the tool grep .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests retrieving a full api to see if no api is raised .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  create   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  api endpoint for getting a draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  view   contacts
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  clean the exit connection queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   transforms
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a readmodifywriterow response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  add |prefix| to template .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  add   step
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the name of the yubikey backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create the elimination matrix k_{p for create create a symmetric matrix l .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   verifies
truth:  create   create

test:  read the z-file into a binary file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  read   file
truth:  function   function

test:  finds items from a dict whose items in the given iterable .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  test if a graph has a isoinfo .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   copies
truth:  execute   null

test:  run all half of the tests to test suite .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name of the volume to use cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  set up sharing sharing sharing the current feature .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return final status of a list of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  find target path for path on path path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  tests a test for module while we would allow it to run an exception when given a problem .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a class that for tests not being built using an serialze engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  returns   mocks
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  provides   null

test:  get register for the interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get decoding environment variables for windows config .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field of db .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  rename   xml
truth:  test   test

test:  render as json dumps .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  configure the interactive mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  -   start
truth:  starts   null

test:  return a single account policy for a specified account name the name of the account to be in which account parameter to use .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  function   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required for a particular api .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  installs the virtual environment_ git with the provided virtual machine .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   obj
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  set up a database connection .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  load   in
truth:  post   a

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the configuration for the clean environment variable .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes a json object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail remote machine with the given items .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   header
truth:  create   a

test:  run a function on the given sentinel .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   get
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles all tag into the template tag we need to override them .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  adds an external tag tags from a external tag .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  given   a

test:  probability of degrees of degrees .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  given an :class: .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a csr .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given language is a language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively return a list of ports read and a list of ports .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  look for a jobconf variable in the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  converts   call
truth:  get   get

test:  all manifest manifest to a package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  null   find
truth:  archive   sources

test:  converts a name to colors .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete a signal handler for each root of the handlers .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old messages from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a binary string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare a key function from rst .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether or not the patterns of patterns with patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup ssl options for a single ssl config file .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  move   move

test:  read the config file and read the version .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cohort for the given name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a neighbor of the repository and return true/false on this system .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  give   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth string contained in http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   action
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if namespace is not found .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   null
truth:  count   count

test:  connect to a wsgi ticket and returns a new ticket .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compares the output of the raw message with the same name and any filtering .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  format   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks tuples of crash .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  are   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to ensure that a list of attributes are attrs .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  import   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  given an iterable of epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  takes   one
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a dict .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current timezone :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node to the lookup class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   search
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   metadata
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long int to a bytes object .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  start the standard mean of the datastore .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   start
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  get a timestamp with the current timestamp .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list vms for all vms on this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if r is a two ranges .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a filtered exceptions exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   pool
truth:  given   a

test:  read the .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  according to the part of the master .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  writes the progress file to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  solve a rational or several pairs of different pairs .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   downloads
truth:  solve   real

test:  which training of a organisation .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] switch of a variable .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to be a stash build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  find a single review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the site url for the site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  -   signal
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression expression expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a sequence of strings .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to manage the default groups for all backend .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  read   names
truth:  creates   null

test:  use tree to sleep a signal to make it seconds .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates a python service in windows .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  join two urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  removes   helper
truth:  joins   a

test:  check that a string is a valid format for a field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a virtual controller spec for the virtual hard hard controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual device .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  use an meaningless to similarity and the distance matrix .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run on nodes in the task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  count   null
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a single web server .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  compute the standard error of the mean of the values a and policy .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  map all the objects in a slug path to the slug code .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  transform   default
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serialize and returns a json object .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  encodes   -
truth:  given   null

test:  return a boolean of whether the images should be removed .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  null   image
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   version

test:  returns a list of all the average that have been marked as positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filters a record and returns the results for each record in the db .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the error code of a running instance .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the current line contains only one of characters .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  check   check
truth:  logs   logs

test:  differentiate dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  reads through the features .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   translate
truth:  to   method

test:  create an ssh url for the clean configuration .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert all filenames except to a filename filename .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  does   set
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages to the specified package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to work dirname for temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  aux function .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  perform k-fold checks on a particular path .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the difference of two elements in a string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  get a list of packages that are mirror .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   a

test:  return the non-existent problem for a given problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  factory method for v2 effects of configuration variables .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a decorator which returns a boolean prefix if a task is not satisfied .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  null   code
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an tab tab tab from json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mock   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  function replacement for html .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  split   function
truth:  if   check

test:  given a valid name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a type to a file .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   volume
truth:  add   a

test:  write contents to a temporary file name .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  to   null
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table into table into table into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of table sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat calls a function .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  memoized   null
truth:  null   null

test:  connect to mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculates the size of the default size .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree from the pants pants options .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  get   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  install and loads the locally event loop .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  group builder to show given urn .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  return   a

test:  format a list of message sizes into response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state prefixed by the state name to the state file .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distances are stored properly against a distance in the master distance .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  check   check

test:  process the message if necessary .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  if   a

test:  return the json field of value .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  value   python
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the mask name given the output hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  to   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function takes a class object and returns a corresponding model class object .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a simple test variable .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   distribution

test:  only use the wrapped function if were not loading a method .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears given limit from any given limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the expected value of expected type is found in the given string .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the icondata for a filesystem .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  uses   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields all spaces in a given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  measure to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  enumerates a given aws .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  this decorator should only be used with views which may be set .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  instantiate   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a api_version and private key of a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a minimum distance where the minimum non-singleton values are mlab .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator for besides of the execution of a file .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to convert api method to api response .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  proposed proposed log of an exact distribution by the given eps .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  normalizes   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  lock the file .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   function
truth:  lock   a

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create a ellipse mean which will be sent to the ellipse graphs .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  null   point
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as a type string .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   salt
truth:  execute   null

test:  extracts value from positive .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  match   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a token string into a text3d paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  return a html structure for all child intersections of obj .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  default function .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an iterable of value added amount of value given iterable .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  checks if the file has been updated with the given version .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  start   one
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with one list of strings .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  setting disregard via the setting of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a single library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  updates   course

test:  solve a username/password color types .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  solve   nodes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a ruby module tree output .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   user
truth:  build   build

test:  get the task data for a given starclusterconfig .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the sleep for the current device cli example: .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a wrong sigmoid .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation fill loops which fill the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  makes sure the line for an ancestor list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  list   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function checks if an user identifier has the given identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  cast to integer for option of range .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  return   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns all edge sets of a consolidate sets in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates an iterator of successive chunks for all exploits of a given prime .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change a random string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  change   change

test:  test if expression isnt a dotted version of set_subtensor .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  recode test for integer indexes .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  read node zones from the google cloud storage file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  return   return

test:  opengl opengl configuration parameters .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print raw arg as a string .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   function
truth:  output   output

test:  create a private ip for linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model mappers .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   values
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on all active modules .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   work
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing or tuple .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   return
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear all objects for the given user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  function   configures
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  split number into a train using instances of instances and instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  prefilled   null
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out apis that are not part of the given api name .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  copy a set of y-m-d to a new location .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   dictionary
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a p2g record in a cdao file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least enable load environment variables .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a loading client from a module .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes a complex cross-entropy .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  am   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the required options can be changed .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that no warnings supports no column header .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  delete   filters
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed cartesian sum of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  check the clusterer value of a positive clusterer .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to complete password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  require   users
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a background array to rgb color space conversion .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  to   rgba

test:  retrieve python class from the requirements_all .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   python

test:  reload a table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets current interface info of an nx-api args: config : str the device object .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  construct   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   null
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if a database exists based on the newest version .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate request using the certificate view and the context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   render
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over all character matches a character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes a bytestring to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the random expression of expr in expr order .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return list of events that need to be sent to avoid options .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create all consumers endpoints by a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes a desired partition to branding .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute fractional moment moments for given target/ident/fn .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the django settings in the specified settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  try   try

test:  setup an eeg eeg file .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  create   eeg
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : 3 .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove all timeline contents of the given pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  clear   operation
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns c{true} if *obj* supports fp of a file-like object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of data which can be used as jobs .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing them .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  lists all packages which have been sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  pass   vm
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  an qurl qurl qurl into the filesystem .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists all of the descriptors names of a user .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  list   list
truth:  to   query

test:  set the obey api .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  select   set
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes key constraints from sections and all targets .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to be refactored .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the fix fix {% favicon_path %} .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given log log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if a list of child tags have been autocomplete .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  milestones-friendly color this function takes a color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes old logging calling calling everything and their states .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service method and return a dictionary which matches the services .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the member by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  like   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the current value is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  provides   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get python module from saved python source string .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  import   get
truth:  return   python

test:  return current logical targets for current thread .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current device to live before the current device .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume labels works as intended .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  return   assert
truth:  reading   reading

test:  apply a function to each argument of the sessions .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  like   like

test:  return the visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  given   k
truth:  calculates   null

test:  provides a register value from a schema .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the text angle in a text .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a unicode string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  given a tuple of master objects .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if a string represents a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  generate artist objects by a given class .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function using fcgi .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return a hook value .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return pantsrefs attributes for the current page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  link   link
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a list of behavior to a list of true} .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pairs
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for handling when a user has completed the latest login .
truth: update request . 
test:  sends   groups
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  create   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub storage map from the api proxy map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator that pauses a method to cache its results in the current thread .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do any parameters .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  get the craft preferences loops .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if groupby is not a valid fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  gcd   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  makes a consumer to the consumer with a google api request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the random number of words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  -   application
truth:  produces   a

test:  this is to visit extra fields .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  construct   method
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  add   a
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this is for the u .
truth: returns np . 
test:  return   sqrt
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that we are to run system .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  merge a value in a sequence .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener minimum covariance matrix equal to sensor .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   field
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a class to implement a list of contents .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   message
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  rewrite a list of all assumptions variables in the target expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to an existing workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks for easy checks that a value is a valid host checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   use
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the file already exists .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  mark   find
truth:  locate   null

test:  return obj formatted as a string .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  creates   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a storage file and return a new google cloud input .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  method to decode streams using hexadecimal .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  function   plugin
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face remaining pair from a batch of indexes and the edge hashtable .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs path to the user .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  rescale the input points by the normalize layout .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  takes   implementation
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more iterables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   multiple
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the actual content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update all translations for a plugin .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  log   a

test:  folder add .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  variance of data which has been variance .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file of first snippets of a head data file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  null   load
truth:  parse   data

test:  ensure no column is passed to the default for a single row when passed .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  ensure   testing
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to run when theres a temporary settings dict .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  project   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  fail down the message report details .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  error   print
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the common configuration for the given static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only succeed if python interpreter is a python function .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  provide   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to find the initialiser system .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the path to the brackets file .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  null   return
truth:  append   append

test:  returns an rule to be used when csf to manage an ssh rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  port   certificate
truth:  add   add

test:  attempts to resolve a deferred and a deferred .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a string of the last item of a in the tree .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a database and returns the dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to detect a database from a string of filename .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a vector to the format matrix .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  gets the token for a user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find all the manifest font found in the database .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   list
truth:  find   find

test:  return a string for a list of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device by device number .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part of the fragment .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  formats identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verifies that the feedbackmessagereference subclass is correctly on long .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given message to become active .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  to   function
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   one

test:  login handler .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   keys
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check if the compensation ref is a wrong ref for one of the compensation ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  precompute pantsrefs api to use when a page has been registered .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  count   one
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child branch of a trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns a list of longest ids of longest lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path from a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  to   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set attributes for a given vif .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  function for splits a list of ports ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize the processes and get the users elementary name cli example: .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  search   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation suggestions and stores them for zen .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  return   source
truth:  loads   unit

test:  xdg config files based on the configuration .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the number of times a given message to the current cpu times .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dict of inheritance config values .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test that the histogram size of a simple histogram .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that named container exists .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if chef is available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  forget forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track any number of times .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that using invalid type names .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory function that validates a control service object .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  look for a system info .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a detailed event in plugins .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  take a process to send a process to its runtimeerror .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create a file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going through the loops inside the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for a hg revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi response object .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   application

test:  wrapper around api that handles the extra folders and stores the result as a dict .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  perform   null

test:  only works on billedopprotos .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a mysql user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  text   rfc
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a string containing a regex mask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  start the plugin .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter xml blocks for a problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  transform   log
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a string appropriate for use as a little implementation .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  iterates over all paths in a package .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  joins   sys
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  load the specified theme file .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the state for a container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the yaml path for a given python yaml path .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that represent a given distribution .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   exclude
truth:  returns   a

test:  train the first argument argument will fail the task argument when using a chunk .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  extract   connect
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of bin .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of files with the provided options .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger wrapped by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a map of files for each trace file containing the given name .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return url for the given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  format   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to write the output to a player .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  output   parse
truth:  prepares   a

test:  merge a list of elements into a rank of the passed in .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  template   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a version of insert is in a parent using a parent node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database exists .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  sets the object input to be a standard object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  set   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs our pipeline information .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device template for use as a compiled function .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  lookup a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an arbitrary string to a standard ascii string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test one inheritance can be passed to the bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  override the default viewer command with the standard integer pointer .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like accessing .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   function
truth:  if   check

test:  clean out the assets database from the source .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  collects all the one-line module if it isnt going to be deleted .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct the use of tests to be present .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  function   insert
truth:  preload   a

test:  helper method that checks whether a number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a name of the distribution .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  create   create

test:  we dont use spaces instead of the module .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   parse
truth:  -   -

test:  set the current environment .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named image is present in the running image name of the new image tag tag tag image to check for a named image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   a

test:  simple clip_count= .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch all command line options for downloads .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign a parent node to a file .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a python data type and returns a deferred instance .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  copy   lists
truth:  null   a

test:  decorator to define a rule using a condition function .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert a target into a dictionary of key-value pairs .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks user key exists .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a set of original duration of g .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the 302 header value .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of page matching all filters .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert snake to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  takes   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  url inserts classes into a dict of sub modules with the defined values for all features which are supported by the multiserie whose values are supported .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  create the complex table from package ids .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  parses   find
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like the image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  rewrites   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file from file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  print   system
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  string   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  determine if two open iterators .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns to a join_type of exact means that have exactly one of the tables .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  return   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return information about a group cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  print   host
truth:  replaces   members

test:  given the order of a list of :class:path values for a finite order .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  takes   linear
truth:  calculates   null

test:  dumps the given string to a node .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert s to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a current python version for the current selinux .
truth: available major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct an computation .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  delete the ns for the given id and def .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return operator operator of length classes .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified name .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a custom .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the number of a thread count .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a string of seconds that are in number of seconds .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if chef is available .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements file on a device .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  run   null
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate certificate from a path string .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   ssl
truth:  load   a

test:  send tool shed shed shed shed is still this version of a tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   data
truth:  generates   a

test:  default page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set the alarm name .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation the distance matrix exponential of the vectors .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a function in a configuration value .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a iterator of page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return a wrapper around the same name .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  renders a 2-element values of values via jinja .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  formats the date to match the rfc1123 date format .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary containing the names of the given python applications applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dictionary of properties .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  monitor   a
truth:  make   room

test:  stops service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing information about invited task .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test that we can connect to a new server .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the extent that consist for each node .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   fill
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coefficient with the main slightly indent .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  returns a string representation of the journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return expression in completion completion completion .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return seconds since epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the plugin filtering on the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller - combined field answers - restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac useful for use use base option - allows allows differential alternative use use base base
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find a hypervisor by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for memoizing function calls .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pop the current contents of the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  copy   header
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new api binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the widths system bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  finds   null

test:  execute code that is added to stderr on timeout .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  to   context
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a file in a directory to a destination directory .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces configuration to each table .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameters value : integer types to be passed .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the type of the given type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ a nested object .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   import
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of absolute config directory .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the part of the named process .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure we can convert to ensure we can kill .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parses proxy and returns a proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of a complexity of time .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  function   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent recent snapshot of the request .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise equality .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function for signal that dont crash to ensure the signal passed in .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  return the size of a given format format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute the set of nodes that are placed to all node pairs .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert data base64 encoded data to a base64-encoded string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for the activation .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  project   a

test:  delete all session instances .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows variables for windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  shift_expression : shift_expression xor and_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster components to a native structure .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   mask
truth:  to   convert

test:  create a weight initializer for a given shape .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns each level of each level in sentinel as a list of tuples .
truth: given an index . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  text   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the log of the discrete log of a positive log of the discrete log prime .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the elements of a model at the center .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   implementation
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function has been changed .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that a gemset exists with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates microversion .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for a given date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a class to be a python function .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  null   class

test:  purge json options .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determines if a user is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a permutation permutation to a 2d array .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the exponential kernel between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number of units in bytes to represent data for negative numbers .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  if domain is enabled .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  stops   dhcp
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns information about the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  read   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  call all the customer gcd in order to be a list of screenshot screenshot for the selected object .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to replace an expression to replace expression in the sympy list of strings with data points in the sympy expression if they are reference(s): .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  simple method that read the script graph for the duration of this script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  email   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a jupyter notebook notebook for a given notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  insert   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf request to be used in the form view .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   none
truth:  context   processor

test:  set the console console to console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  download   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the permission user for the given model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a single vector where the given file is in the given iterable .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on a filesystem .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  write error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  to   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the name of the current method node is made of the given method .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  turn a default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  get   copy
truth:  default   default

test:  loads the expression loss into a one-hot by class .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  null   get
truth:  define   a

test:  some server track .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  null   view
truth:  log   events

test:  open the logs logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   permissions
truth:  log   log

test:  retrieve a class by name .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of longest by longest into a single array of longest values .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  take   split
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for inclusion in the given string .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert two consecutive row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   a

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  load   null
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  apply an image directly from a new image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  put   alpha

test:  group the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  exposes the service statuses .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  endpoint   processing
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has loaded .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  view   view
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the overridden operation from the feed functions .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if python-memcached is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   return
truth:  requires   requires

test:  perform all o_vals on a recommend or string .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the configured server id for a given server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  transform a string into a re .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  to   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop for the linux distribution .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and return the contents of a text file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a source source tree .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  randomly choose a random gate gate .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  build a snapshot of a given snapshot snapshot .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  try to figure out the version string .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  output   accents
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all packages currently installed on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap a exception for a log snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  makes   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items file using the given url .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  download   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate the raw table for the given table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return the lower value of an array .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   elements

test:  get all python files matching a track .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve all the current inventory resources for the supplied resource .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all or a group roles from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from the given response was received by image .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   up

test:  gather entirely of an input image verbose verbose verbose verbose verbose verbose verbose uuid of the image verbose verbose uuid false verbose optional from cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get a value of batches variable v .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  generic text email for the form: event .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with exactly m and sorts a single layer objects .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   elementwise
truth:  collect   null

test:  call this function and adds a callback to the given callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   callback
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a handle of status of a given script .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call the given changes without destroying the changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  performs multi rotation by applying a single vector of data .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  does   view
truth:  return   return

test:  save a context object using fopen available .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns a random integer "none" with the given challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if mode is a file .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert the dictionary to a list of dictionaries .
truth: like repr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a search based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  find   channel

test:  given a model object .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   processing
truth:  provided   apply

test:  write the user messages to a warning .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  force   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all alarm statistics .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   changes
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse the buffer options from a buffer buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile the timestamp file into a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  interface to git-branch(1)_ cwd the path to the target checkout revision to export the command line .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  get   interface
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped start : string vm : string vm options to be stopped options characters nmi options to use of vm parameter
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw image by id .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   null

test:  check that value is a document of a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  verifies   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if the dbref type has a dbref type .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  generates a hosts prototype for a given polygon .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  generates   remove
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the list of names for a list of backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  assign   hosts
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha two rows of a single vector .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a uri to a list of uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write nested methods to a method method method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  decorate   security
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns an http string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   way

test:  convert images into an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  configure   converts
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the user can access a node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  view   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  given a byte string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   configures
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates an instance of the configuration ids .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  hook   helper
truth:  start   start

test:  compute the normalized size of a normalized graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a argument to an integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a dictionary for the sqlalchemy provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if n contains at least one depth of needle n .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a number of standard form this method wrapped by a single space .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses a string as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  override   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate and generate a file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external downloader path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if vlim is valid .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  output   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create an gaussian image layers using multiple variables .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  if   function
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a class status to each cluster status .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  null   build
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the url for the given service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  null   set
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the bp .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  split   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  return url to a course image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that is a validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  removes   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling sampling loss loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if various status is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a complex polygon .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  class decorator to create a class that taken from an :class:uielement:: class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a warning and print a warning and print its original .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a single module from the minion name the name of the vm to remove a sphinx path to the minion .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: integrate integrate config file to the build configuration .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string according to a datetime object .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   record
truth:  null   helper

test:  raises a new session .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  read data from template .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convenience function for creating a temporary directory .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the path for the current migration .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   get

test:  clears all files needed to look up the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  pass   one
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of a specified package .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the elements of a list of sequences .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  merge   struct

test:  loads all used images from a configuration file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over all possible pairs of data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check the validity of the y loc works as the right shape .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   intervals
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper around print() that cant be converted to a scenarios .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of files read from a bucket name .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  get an loaded file for a path .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  creates feeditems to create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  use this plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  make   map
truth:  shows   shows

test:  generate a test case where no given each row is converted to the given class .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   a

test:  add annotation-list labels to create-keys-and-certificate .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   child
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  write   translate
truth:  io   io

test:  test that its existing directory cant be removed its their force .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  a dummy guard .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  function   function

test:  read a version-2 environment from a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  format   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add given env to the shared keyword .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  given   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  return events to mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles to be instantiated .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  test   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a 64-bit checksum of a sample file .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   mask
truth:  computes   a

test:  return the command-line name of the current locale .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  parse   split
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is an integer represented as a integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a query with all the user ids .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve all of the requirements of container cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  mocks   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a bad header in an appropriate way should raise a warning if the header value of the table isnt a normal header tuple tuple .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  backend   implements
truth:  header   header

test:  this function produces a hash of data and visual it to a datetime .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns true if the size of a file is composed of a given size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  return   null
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the users authentication authentication authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  config   settings
truth:  let   null

test:  generator that returns a random number generator .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  uses   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  convert a sympy expression into its respective form .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  take a dictionary of relevant values and return a dictionary with options .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  do   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove any powershell powershell from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  file   a
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  make   test
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery celery modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a path is a destination .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  return a list of all the directories listed in the named filesystem .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as an argument name .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  convert a path name into an absolute path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  file   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  show an existing warning source .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this method checks the current site for the current request .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce differences between two values .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  combine   update
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and tags for two list of list of ip objects .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared axes overlay overlay off .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   get

test:  copy one or more source to the destination destdir .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   one
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  a helper method to check if a machine exists and if it contains a compiled one of the original machine .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  checks   in

test:  change process to local or write access to register .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  change   in
truth:  password   password

test:  a helper function .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test test classes from a given list of testsuite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets all objects of objects that are enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  check   set
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a single list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  make   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a list of the form of the messages in a substring that is not good with the argument .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  show   calls
truth:  print   print

test:  the prefix for vispy .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this function tests that a sigma error in an error .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a datetime object to a time or occasionally .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  call   call

test:  decorate a test function that may be profiled .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  try to romanize .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  default   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports for given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute score of a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  request   withscores
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a command to be passed .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test reset length in length length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  single-letter single-letter .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of permutations of udivisor .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  count   like
truth:  return   return

test:  checks the site name .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  require a given path against a path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : intconstant : .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the specified change information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  json serializer to set the "legacy" json encoded implementation .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  assert   a

test:  test emx widget .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  ensure   certificate
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   function
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require a group of a user .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  a custom identity function which supports one queue and updates it .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  confirm that the user has absent argument .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a datastore summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified amount of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   metadata
truth:  place   place

test:  slice list of random slices and slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   desktop
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  return the model model class of the given model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random morphological morphological mat .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  null   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database database cli example: .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all the headers that are unique .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  keeps   options
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the verbosity names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  output   output

test:  add two expire .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  null   intersection
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the name of bench for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  null   =
truth:  get   get

test:  run all violations in a given node and give them .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  uses   build
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete specific server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   reset
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix various packets to fix various importing routines that they are correctly for fix in the namecheap 1 .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  dummy implementation of sys .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for gantt module-level view for gantt .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a transform for use by the refs alignment .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  outputs   zip
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the username and n authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get specific public pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   redis
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of virtual machine names on a specific virtual machine .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify that the tpot cli interfaces multiple times .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  run   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  builds a naive copy of a sequence .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  make   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a contributions contributions by its filepath from the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  file   stop
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the inverse of functions with an array of points .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  normalise   read
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the specified job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  to   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test if data is less than nonwhitespace .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set up a test view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  mimic   sql
truth:  has   django

test:  move a given value to an appropriate type .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   range

test:  read the wire of file data from file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a animation file to a numpy array parameters data : array_like .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the cartesian cartesian product of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the given member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of non-zero elements of an array a in which are positive integer .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  split a tuple of tuples into a tuple of tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   function
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single vector using l{sendmsg .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  called   cell
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack arg to a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   sums
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on configured test if running .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  lettuce   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  gets data for which configuration file and provides build data .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   data
truth:  module   module

test:  computes node connectivity of all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape partial parameter value .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the about the about git about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  function   return
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the list of css dependencies for the given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over all errback and a dictionary .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if a string has a refresh of pattern .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an interface to the appropriate error message if expected and option are true .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  log   log

test:  check if a link is a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the exploration with the given collection_id .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  generates a pretty representation of a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a password matches hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a configuration file and returns a _schema object .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the given token token into a paypal token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   tags
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively collects all files and pass them to the directory tree .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should accept a path if given a mock path .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained points points - restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  given a 2d sequence of ne sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot two axes together .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  merge /etc/portage/package .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  file   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts from user its hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  determine if static files succeeded a path to django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  null   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the contents of the given rss url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado request to async a tornado url .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given an iterable of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  format   items
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  public interface to the users home directory .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   check
truth:  protected   null

test:  get sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  call the given function and raises an error if given .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  get the running running running running running running running running running running running running running cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete specific options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two new dict in a task .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  files   key
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module number to use when no threading is known .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a sympy expression to a group of expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the effects of override_system_resolver() .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  null   null
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict with config values .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision flocker on a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the binary solr .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  centers   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print the device extents extents extents a device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a timedelta value to an integer value .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  null   application
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the default class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all api calls to the application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   one
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  solve temporal test unless you cant solve and prime .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute univariate composition of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method for common potentially actions that simply returns a literal value .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l1loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  check that certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to html by run_on_app_servers .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add relative files to the database .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  list   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a reference version of an entity .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a random sampling string .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  download   options
truth:  draws   null

test:  fetches the getterminalsize() dll given by a clashes .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  step -> list of sets the form of the way .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the simple notification retrieve the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  test   user
truth:  null   credentials

test:  list options that will be passed to the event bus and connection .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether ip address is a subnet or not .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json object as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   code
truth:  read   json

test:  test that a few introduced works as expected to the other urlerror .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  retrieve the tag tag of a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  name   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return current site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to py .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  helper function for computing an rgb image .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that methods not use method'sdefaultargumentshouldn'tbemutable instead of cipher .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  -   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given an item .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally get the current user and dispatches for the current user .
truth: return env . 
test:  working   read
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the given file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  shortcut to create a generator object in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  check the name of the user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns a default component of the component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   default
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if encoding is a global encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update our module info .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  checks   context
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function to convert which observations to function .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  permanently delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the specified service is available cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fit coil chpi and mean along the given parameters .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  compute   likelihood
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  checks if a request is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  is   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  multifactorial -> l-p return a list of policy numbers .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  replace   host
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show all :class: .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a administration .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   get
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version detail view shows a specific project as a list of lets the arguments: form .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  project   version

test:  gets a :class:createrepo for a structured .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open all database file info in the database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  opens   utility
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression times assignment_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   web
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a given argument to a function .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  map   handles
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic series expansion of the series return the series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up the module number of files for tunnels .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a translations for the translations plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  access   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  use as a decorator to create a method object .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  prints a pair of an arbitrary installation .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap integer literals with sips .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  returns   decimals
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hug works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the currently active resource pools .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a cib-file that guarantees a revision of the received shed shed corresponding to the received revision .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  null   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a resource uri to the primary key string .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if pip version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compare two instances of static atom .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mne arithmetic parameters from mne covariance covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  this lists all the breakpoints found in the temporary debugger .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get weighted database using database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   get
truth:  to   try

test:  used by deleting a query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   job

test:  view to allow a comment form .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency nodes for a single element .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate all data files .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_eval .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  checks command line arguments through command filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  match   filters
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of gear .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   expression
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize a method of a given target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a boolean value representing a python string .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  extract nothing from mako template files .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an processing url and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students for a problem for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   request

test:  multiply a reflected operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast an authorization object to a file object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  require several arch precision to be ok .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate the text to a maximum of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with multiclass .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  we only here to reverse the value of a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  record a password by looking through a password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  search by name and return a invalid attributes .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the country code for a country mobile country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  it should give a single column classes .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract the last fields from a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  extract   dict
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download a setuptools and return its filename .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove a key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random random random random random shuffle nodes in g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time zone validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return true if jail sub is supported .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   window

test:  if the module doesnt exist .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate applications for all submodules of pkg .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  given a vpc peering connection name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to create source code to a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  accept   try
truth:  converts   a

test:  test some plain text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to configparser .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to a native c{str} .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  create the correlation matrix given the json-compatible model .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  list all audits folders for all addon folders in folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient of the linear gradient for a linear value .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view to be used for object .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  get   data

test:  recursively look up a set of metadata for a particular metadata file .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a pair to a corresponding structuring element .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create dask bag from a dask zip array .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator of time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta metadata for an existing cache entry .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  url   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  extract the model from a configuration file using the configuration has completed completed .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of the given matrix with the given precision and b .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a directory of files where each line contains the same info .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  need   need

test:  ensures that quadratic .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   tool
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience wrapper for quickly actions .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  do   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  a datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  hook   show
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a function async: and return the output .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  combines output of files in a file .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator used to set an extension to raise a repositorynotfound if testtools is not available .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if a url has a explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   tree
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove lparen scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  removes   signal
truth:  issue   issue

test:  read and return the request .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  uses the index of an index .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the base path with sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate legacy fields containing functions needed for cgi models .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   classes
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture that instantiates and lxml to lxml lxml .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  used   null
truth:  is   null

test:  same as djangos but for the get parameter .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  check if a url is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test that its possible to be set .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   populate
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  list the installed kernel states cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  returns   quotas
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return true if the repository id is malicious to changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  the previous patch operation on the previous server .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a unique serial string for the given qty .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are running on a python program .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a pgsql package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  unset a class to a compiler class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a demonstration of the :meth: .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   network
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   z

test:  start a scheduled job id .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   method
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match named them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log of a hermitian matrix .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  color   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade site proportions for models which have models .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  results   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  lookup   docstring
truth:  null   mode

test:  a class decorator used to keep the reduction class .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  function   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key for the given host or host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene name from a scene scene and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts a given node or raise .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of sets of /etc/shadow clusters within a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates syntax in logging .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  checking   filename
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  convert a file system string .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  return   read
truth:  convert   a

test:  to be able to be created when a process has been activated .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  monitor   shapes
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates a model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to return action name for actions that confirmation 1 .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate over all iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if a client is actually available .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  work   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  random json_formatter should be a sample from an array of broadcast_arrays coefficients .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the first argument passed to the function arg .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the current elasticsearch is installed on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function for html hh:mm:ss functions .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a copy of a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports are separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the string for the given filename .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a composite transform from arguments a for arguments .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  create   a

test:  build the configuration of a copy of sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  start   build
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of this renewablecert .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  print   function
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault information .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of string data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the field type is in the given llvm and martelli .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  build   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load a very reference to multiple values .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  execute   settings
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  create arma process with arma scale/standard for use with known prime coefficients parameters ar : array_like autoregressive : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  return the name of the named process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  a wrapper for inserting an heads repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   course
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists in the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   return

test:  execute all the elements that are unique .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  creates a mchoicefield form for a form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  function   default
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell comand on a remote host cli example: .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  resolves a web page to a web server using http api .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  function   colors
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the current agreement to the given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  records   records

test:  parse command line and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  makes a cffi pointer for the given cffi function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach the process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  throw   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its installing a user .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a given feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable all logging and postgresql settings .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  to   create
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a irrelevant object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  launch a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess the linear unit function of order n using the lowess function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs logs for the source logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a 32-bit 32-bit name .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  recursively collects a set of computation and checks whether a given graph is a use of possible checks .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  collect   task
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   junit
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a qt integer to a column number .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert data into a slice structure .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a separate fields file .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if upageviews is a list of all upageviews .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with letters .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  build   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save the current contents of the file .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   history

test:  retrieves the current user from request object .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to prevent http debug output for debug .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait for the current page to see delete .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  query   handler
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a unittest .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  define   calling
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  registers the custom custom plugin supported by the program .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  add a domain to an domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  re/split a setting that has the given settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   users
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract tabular step correctly output by tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the path to the root window for a particular ob .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup modbus sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if the set of type uses fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of the first kind of fn .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  normalize   implementation
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the http auth url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  try   try

test:  reads the data of a file-like object as a generator of bytes .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  download   read
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to a function is called via integer .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   categorical

test:  parse and return the request .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  works   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a <tag image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  rough the current line number to given column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of the user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  define   frequency
truth:  change   a

test:  create association association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step fails with translated entities .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  test   create
truth:  step   step

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test reading a tab at detection .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value in a clip to a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  convert   f(clip
truth:  if   null

test:  test that different units multiple images works .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   output
truth:  test   test

test:  return a function for the untracked files which satisfies the files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten the set of input input variables .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  compares all subclasses that are expired cart cart cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of test tests .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  make   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  displays the locales locales locales locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from missing was defined on discussion was jedi-vim .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a list of string from a list of words .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  function   obj
truth:  null   null

test:  get a zipfile from a zip file and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  find   source
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  default implementation of default stim types for the requested type .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   stim

test:  returns the correct cache .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  remove   downloads
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a new request to the queue .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure ast compile compile invalid mode .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for the mac .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  check that collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  convert a :rfc:2047 index into a standardized index for field .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the password of a test deploy .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  test if a vcenter connection is take a vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   test

test:  given a file object .
truth: from url . 
test:  file   a
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe to a user .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  export   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  returns the ith order of a list of numbers .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in a package .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   service
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as a warning for #1244 .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for each node of g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve a timezone for a given location using userid/groupid .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  time   return
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the symmetric link for each feature in images and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  function   features
truth:  -   -

test:  remove from the senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   accents
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for the package .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test user to delete another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  create   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id and group id from a string like user:group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  chown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if deactivated packages supports deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  serves   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase invoice with purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the sid of a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load named backend to create new backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  named   launch
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without otherwise tokenize .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   user
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read the request used by the cputime path from .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  build   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download user .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  check that for pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  dotted   a
truth:  process   a

test:  internal method which coerces the environment variables into a pair of attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the given list of inputs to the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  iterates   entry
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a dict of image verbose verbose verbose search verbose json verbose : false cli example: **return data** a list of search verbose .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current connection to kadmin .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex where the maximum shared-secret is complex .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run command and create the bulkloader output .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  start   data
truth:  control   control

test:  transform the screen to a different log file .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns the distance between a distance matrix .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the versions of the django version as a human-readable version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if docker container is true .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply the profile to a users node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  func   view
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check if two number exactly equal to b .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  given   hook
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_policies .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get the name of the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise bookmark model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type access to group type .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  try to find users home directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a tls url from a config object .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a text directive of a tree .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  return the activation function for all the activation even .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a python object by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove either a path or a backslashes .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  check if group exists for given field .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  null   contents
truth:  to   view

test:  set a single event in the minion name the match to add events to the match to be loaded .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given two "byte_str" .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  recursively get cached configuration of a hint .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  build   api
truth:  validate   validate

test:  true if the given gateway is a class of instance .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  is   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transform a numeric surface to a directory .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate the current translation into the context .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all notifications for the given doctypes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   notifications

test:  test for a 48-bit file extension .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  parsing   globbing
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  dummy view for getting a processor .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  error   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a multi-file field path to a dotted field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  check   a
truth:  used   null

test:  set up the http proxy which responds to use by the http proxy .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  ask   null

test:  hyperexpand -> iterator return a hyperexpand object by the viewport function in nan .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the current process status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  block   tag
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of distance groupings for each block in a list of column .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove any file in the log directory of all footer' .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a due date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  set   set

test:  check if the code is configured with a configuration .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  about about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  default   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  which only works on the given identity identity .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  to   value

test:  determines if a file name is a multiprocessing thread or a multiprocessing thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a template .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element by svgreader .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  query the datastore record for a model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager that changes a path to a given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  require the database to verify we havent reload with test .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively readmodule a module and return a list of tuples .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a source image .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all available courses that are sorted .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  attempts to find the current user .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function with a given __name__ .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  function   function

test:  create a tree of a tree .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  build a gd mime type for a specified filename .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for simulating container sync handling .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a list of flags as a string .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  resolve   flags
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   info

test:  ensure the operators description is raised .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru marketing config .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  enable   enable

test:  requires onepk .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  null   token
truth:  implement   null

test:  update a new cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate the mac address of a batch of images .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a list of issues into a single string .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup a d-link sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the values of a list as a dict .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   dict
truth:  get   get

test:  writes the sudsobject metadata to an file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  auth handler .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  default   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  recursively call xs on a emacs thread .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  function   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a list of files and extracts all files contained in the given blob .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  include   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint dict dict of params .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  assign   order
truth:  populate   populate

test:  create a new profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether or not a glob file is a filesystem on the filesystem .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escapes   get
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load observatory data from a json file .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  sends   implements
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips test if the decorated test suite .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in the tarball .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  cleanup   resource
truth:  clean   a

test:  function to call a function command .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  constructs   decorator
truth:  create   astroid

test:  retrieves the content of the given tag .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a simple wrapper for showing a amount of images .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   a

test:  convolutional convolutional value of continuous against a sorted value .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   find
truth:  convolve   x

test:  determine if the input is multilabel or not .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all files which match a path .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  func   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  fetch all vispy modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  list   list
truth:  import   import

test:  true if the part looks like a part of a part of a part of the input line .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that no wheel can be listed in wheel command .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the transaction management state of the most recent use .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  function   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function for the first complex coefficient .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the passed targets for each individual targets that are no longer than one points .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a database .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes images with small images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  return   null
truth:  blend   images

test:  find external links for tagged links .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  checks for max value .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write contents to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   a

test:  get endpoint loops from the loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse matrix gives sparse matrices can be greater than sparse entities .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  view function for executing an existing results and returns the right one .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  display   place
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate setup for nested quota quota roots .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   user
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a list of completions for the provided object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   info

test:  get the user copy of a desktop desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom composite tags from a list of aws tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  take   a

test:  parse a dictionary containing a single string and return a formatted string .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of sets of strings .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  if   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding by its encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  preferred   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a track object .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of a adjective or lower case .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  forces utf8 utf8 to make it usable in a template .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  assume   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses the data from a start to a given start .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize data type .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  normalize   data
truth:  profile   profile

test:  makes a track function .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  converts a uid name to a user id .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a custom app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  outputs the list of tokens for words .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  -   function
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent that the given register handler will be loaded .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  prints user info and user to stderr .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for the desired worker to finish .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two surfaces of surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  to   helper

test:  print a human-readable tree .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  block   uninstall
truth:  print   a

test:  takes the output of commands and returns a generator that chooses the given command .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  features   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  computes a white white density with consecutive samples for each time .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  generates a hash for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  wrap   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  requests   default
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the var has been marked as a intersections .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that logs a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  log   function
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function for _make_nxm a list of tuples .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  compile   count
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a function with a simple function calls .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a default database options for a given options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   type

test:  an application which will be removed .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  is   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine driver driver .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an http object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases query for a work-list query .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  create   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a tree of all trees clades .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  run   a
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages that are __version__ via a given root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current contents of the local for the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   callback
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   permissions
truth:  write   measurement

test:  default implementation of the contents of the file size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  shortcut   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add a time in the current time zone to a given time .
truth: factory function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  scan an organization by name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all volumes tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wrapper around c{maintype} that fails with a given post .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  null   a

test:  return true if args has been set .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a function that returns the proper csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  adds   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default group of a named user cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  add   folder
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains contain contain contain contain contain the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to match the rfc1123 cookie cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  test   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read single quotes until #xd is something .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the core list for both the config options .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_item : enum_item .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscription information .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   subscription

test:  viewpoint ipv6 addresses for given ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  run   add
truth:  rules   rules

test:  gets a friendly value from a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users and database .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a minimum hash of a file .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new development .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   context
truth:  create   a

test:  get a hash of the entire hash of a data structure .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  if   data
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the name of the current wrapped function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate python string source where elements are eval .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that a trivial input file does not no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  convert to native string .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a host to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inverse of sequence in which return true if seq is true .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   seq
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pointer of a pathname .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   os

test:  simple function for demo a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group ensure that matches a user .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if mysql exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  host   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a new product of interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   generate
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock for the function *method_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the status .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from a setting .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  computes a list of spherical labels for each of a given labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test for test_pickle in a splitunc .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   null
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  list all topics for a given name .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy for a given vectors .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  -   calculate
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return only the images containing all images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generator for a simple preorder-traverse of a thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string and returns a standard python version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  build   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop enquiry section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns the repr of a python object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  null   type
truth:  return   return

test:  checks for the specified table in the specified table cli example: .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the request has in the current request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  test   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return the set of values which are none in iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for _make_nxm button to construct a button button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of item to object .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a byte-string version of s .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  capitalize   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  createprocess - provide a namespace tree for all es coefficients .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of nodes in revision .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve watching a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  template   template

test:  convert the format according to output format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   method

test:  helper for quickly for the response .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   use
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into a valid filename .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  takes   in
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  split the best into a list of skipcontainers objects .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   split
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update child versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  time   list
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given database is present name the name of the virtual host to remove name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  delete tests when not being instantiated .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  imports all the 1-norm many many num_samples .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test that an iterator cannot be loaded .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of text timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert an absolute path to a path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from a file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retry a test case .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   test
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the id of the user jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with all the request and post values .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new theano integer with the given number of characters .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  turn an iterable of unique elements into a list of unique values .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  flatten   null

test:  loads any object into a template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test that variable can be instantiated .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  use   power
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all discussion tab tab from the course for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   sets
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string to integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  s   paste
truth:  extract   slug

test:  extract page size from request or fail .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   page

test:  prints the set of all the attributes of a given header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  negotiate websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  null   request
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize the release module from the program .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate non-linear equation system representing the jacobian for the model .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain vendor from model version data .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  take a prefix and exit .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api key .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled labeled labeled in a folder labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the ico map of a ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  used   null
truth:  view   view

test:  create a configuration file with the specified name and write the configuration to a configuration file name cli example: .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  reloads   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the swarm and rating .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the lpol method of a matrix parameters n : array-like coefficients for which the number of observations sub : int number of parameters of observations : int number of
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  hash   function
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to hash a password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  print   null
truth:  shows   a

test:  calculate the number of clause from the os .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function for getting a thread pool from requests .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like a terminal item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  converts   calls
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy a copy of images .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a temporary file for a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  select   search
truth:  given   grep

test:  change configuration .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  return   try
truth:  config   config

test:  helper function for declaring a span string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  do   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for media type to media type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  send   a
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that a background user is in use .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  used   return
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager object as a test suite .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute the named container cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the current python module is writeable .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  check that we cant take place a simple worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  loads   decipher
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the filesystem name looks like a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   css

test:  check if the query flag is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  checks   verifies
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  bench   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  diag(d) implementation of the prde function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate verifying by email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  encode a unicode string .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns a 3-tuple: version of the latest version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp part and return the snmp part of the snmp .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   projects
truth:  null   null

test:  disable paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get the current api version and place it for a specific api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   a
truth:  show   current

test:  create which packages can be read in a temporary directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a method as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the content for a cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a number of numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  null   source
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array to exactly .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   gaussian
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in a range parameters samples : ndarray .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the appropriate {ips: .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   helper
truth:  allocate   null

test:  given a list of shape .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  check   check

test:  adds an enum member to an enum class .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  verifies that the multiple tuples take take a positive type and returns a standard row .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a view function as a view decorator .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  flask   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a vm by name cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown completion completion for unknown unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  checks if the user is the admin .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  ensure   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function reads the list of features that can be exclude[ed] as a feature feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an expectation expectation for the given state of a given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps text to set of words .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to a keychain keychain the keychain to install the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the named local or all .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  wrapper around url_unescape that presents the command output to the given display .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  show   null
truth:  command   command

test:  module function to decrypt a given hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  based   null

test:  activate fake registration registration to be saved in a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  register   register

test:  compute a file in a buffer .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  hash   a

test:  check if user can access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path length of the shortest path in a weighted graph g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the sympy sympy .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  fake   fake

test:  start a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers for all containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   containers

test:  dynamically get modified time of the given module name .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary is modified in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  converts the first text of a protocol text into a tree .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more *seqs objects into a sorted list .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  find   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock id for the xblocks id and ids of its xblock id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensures that the user has exempt automatically exempt from being automatically .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  formats   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   module
truth:  to   attempt

test:  gets the resource limits of the client .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply a polynomial by a constant in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   degree
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract regular expression steps into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress input string for the form of a string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return the arp ip address of a stack trace .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve file from the system path to a filesystem update for a mounted port .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on remote :return: true if remote global .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the trimmed inverse of a function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  counts   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress enquiry section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   call
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip off the bsgs structure from bsgs .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  if   null
truth:  optimized   null

test:  given the expected results of a function f .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  null   pylint
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type 2ter section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   information

test:  return the system flag name to use in a session .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  ensure   run
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a custom empty exponential class .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if running in a transaction .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json story story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   tasks
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version number for the given revision and revision .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   version

test:  sends an existing analytics implementation .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering change acknowledge section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  change   null
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string of score .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  scans   variables
truth:  score   score

test:  return a matrix that solves the underlying urls with a closure set of module_info .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  get   git
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the pixel to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if we are using a command .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  convert   command
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the element to become an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  click   click

test:  return a snapshot of the given snapshot name .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function implements a usage of *url* .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  -   -

test:  yields staff staff and generator values for a sequence of hypergeometric or both a given query and were up to a sequence of the time .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate over fields in fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  maps all courses courses to their given course actions .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  theano theano function for theano interfaces .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password without modifying the password .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  puts   read
truth:  prepares   null

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y x_value: a numpy value y_value: a numpy value returns the result of keys of
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if a vector is already ok .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  value   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write a packet to xml .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   null

test:  abstraction a "opts" file into a directory .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure that the named job is absent name the name of the virtual host to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  register   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  takes a list of feedparser .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  seconds   function
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  if   fixture
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  make   package
truth:  verify   null

test:  placeholder placeholder creator .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  allocate a floating ip address .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a line in a directed graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract values out of config values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  attributes   settings
truth:  is   null

test:  function for the cross-entropy entropy .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the logistic loss for x .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  computes   null

test:  all values in a sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  get a user policies to a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set a warning to call .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  bind a socket to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find a single type by values in a given mu .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  lists   helper
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test y classes for a none chart .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   benchmark
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns a valid region code for the specified number of regions .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  plot an image as a network and return it as a single image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  plot   features
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts a utc space to a timestamp .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  encoder only load a encoder type .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  gets the device size of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  create   get
truth:  function   function

test:  checks that the user has access to the request .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create multiple tuples with strings .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  is   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind a single token to an object .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  function   multiply
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes input input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the gaussian distribution function for a given lens .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   class
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a filename and returns a headerkeydict .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  used   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the info from a federal file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  find the machine by looking through the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate an alias for the aws alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  parse a json result response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g from multiline format to multiline lines .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  given a truncated date string .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  backend   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get a modbus notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the cyclic group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clear all registerd migrations .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  a naive error handler for ident .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  takes   in
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number in a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  null   file
truth:  compute   md5

test:  output a whole line .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   one
truth:  text   text

test:  get an object by name .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the file .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   obj
truth:  detects   faces

test:  return a list of sorted table names in the current catalog .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for unix line of a datetime .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  speed the fill file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return the minimal minimal thread for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   module
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   update
truth:  set   set

test:  read -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random job name .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that iterable is a percent of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the date between 1 and locator .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if a zipfile file has been modified .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  see   null

test:  gives provider logging for connection .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  samples   downloads
truth:  initialize   null

test:  create two random rows .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return indent hint list of indent for a list of indent .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing that the quotes snippets can contain double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel in panel mode .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  stores   handler
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return a list of tuples of for all the weird order of their attributes .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  execute   python
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social auth to intercept and handle a view .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   handler
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs a valid datastore error .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  read a column with inconstent data for a column that inherits a column table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  return   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string list of words separated by a 2-dimensional file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  unpack   filter
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add a single space to the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   add
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return an md5 encoded compact file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an integer according to the corresponding argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  takes a time string like 5 .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  displays a template messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  shows   context
truth:  show   django

test:  this method returns true if the given path is within the same tool within the given app tool .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function calls .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  run   calling
truth:  given   a

test:  when a language is already satisfied .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  set the warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion motion motion motion motion motion by given output order .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging for the program .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element given a path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  compute   code
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion sections section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  profiling   response
truth:  control   control

test:  return default colormap of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   handlers

test:  return the user executing the request info .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   user

test:  create a generator of randomkey strings .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  reverse the most recent history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return a string for an files in a cache location .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   in
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  null   rfc
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick command using the shell command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   command
truth:  null   a

test:  build the xml text representation of a message .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to make a stack if it raises an exception .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves the list of flavor objects passed in the flavor .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log the log of input data .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard filter factory for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line horizontally horizontally space using profile .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a binary element to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the capitalized name for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all flatpage requests for the given object .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes a wsgi prompt for the command-line arguments .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : direct_declarator .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a top_k top_k function for the attribute of attributes .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   field

test:  return image version from data file .
truth: return major . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer contains allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if a particular view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the boolean value in a given scalar .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  return file descriptor using mode .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the current ethernet ethernet ether dict for a given value .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  find   find

test:  join a number of pages .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  -   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a class or alias or alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  host   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  create which packages can be read in a temporary directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a record for each record in the db .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  test digital and target which applies a normal source which has a normal and targets are common to a normal plus the target object .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  write the user info for each refs file in the database .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  return whether the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a draft from the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  return   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system coefficients is a scipy system parameters system : array-like system tuple .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  null   one
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  report   return
truth:  hook   hook

test:  sort the natural natural functions in a collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  filter   use
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks if configs is available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  if   load
truth:  if   checks

test:  override the theme class explicitly explicitly want to serve a theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  if   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return list of messages containing all tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  default   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from a nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  if   get
truth:  nested   get

test:  parses the beginning of a matrix into a dictionary .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   metadata
truth:  null   parser

test:  return a list of unique elements of an array that potentially not have a unique set of seqs .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  looks   callback
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  generate a unique id for a hash of strings .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  password   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs from the wcs .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add suffix to file object in folder .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   delete
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if set to true .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  stops   null
truth:  change   change

test:  setup mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transform composite arguments for a given class to a callable .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of keys sorted by ascending values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  cut the output of a real class .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  block   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the correct root mean-squared error between two images parameters img1 : array_like a single image to mse the three floating-point c number of image returns a single image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  you have a <version>} formatted using the given paths .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists of the given loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  set values of an item to that was previously structure .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   item

test:  wait for waits until resource calls timeout expires .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines off to fit for side .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   number
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a helper function which determines whether a validator value is a unicode string of a validator value .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  translate   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  pop   a
truth:  take   null

test:  return a multivariate length of a continued continued or path .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of human readable item id .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a breadcrumbs from a breadcrumbs breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loop for the list of loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a whole tag to a string .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms a node that was previously configured with the given object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  yield recwarn instances .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  context   download
truth:  return   a

test:  scans a postgres tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   in
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for handling of the channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm cz cz file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   relationships
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory of the device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload set-up availability delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  takes   extension
truth:  get   streams

test:  returns a human readable representation for the unit .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute the types of two independent samples .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the tour tour tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given an observed .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  url   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trapezoid trapezoid polynomial .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to hipchat hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  renders   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  custom wsgi thread which returns a thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a name of a number for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to format user and project and project names .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  see   format
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  given a url that may or may not have a query components .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  a erfa version of erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  if   issues
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a device is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that a string is a valid key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to the byte_length process .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a given string and return a comma-separated value .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  apply the specified boot zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  uses the bi graph to parse a path from a file .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  return the current rc params for use with the big api .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a single object for given doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the value of a match .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if the first ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show the details of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   prints
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to check if a directive directive contains a specified names .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  add items to template .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  time   null
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return html path of the html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  build   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an input to a float of zeros .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  instantiate   like
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float value as float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install or upgrade zfs on a distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   compatibility
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an alternate test method that invokes the attribute of a method to be saved .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the specified flash messages are present in the current environment .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   works
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in a consumer dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   get
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  given a constraint or a type or a type or errors .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  correct   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone handler : string name cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  for a pair of numbers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  base   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts etree subscription to a console subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to nt .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  files   generate
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta expansion .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   a

test:  derivative of the row assumes we have a single time points .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the remote server .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  objects   objects

test:  speed the fill file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if a python interpreter has been changed .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the c for the given state_category .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of repositories for a utils sample .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a line to a new :class:greenlet .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an int to int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  flatten a variable into a variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive helper for common consecutive term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  used to destroy a session from the current sessions from the existing node .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  null   data
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of named nodes from the graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a unique url for the given image with the given ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the value of the elements in list - 1 .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  converts   calling
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes based on the contents of the config line .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound class for a given function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the list of resources for the user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  installs one or more vms host and current host .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the gpu routine for interpolation .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to start a tunneled system with specified host .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  load   a
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  return system roles cli example: .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the statusbar and time of the future given by add/remove .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract the current user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks for displayed routes and being handlers .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  null   request
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random different numpy array that returns a random number of sequences .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  -   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if csv is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create database by database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates a given value .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  exposes a command runs the git checkout .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  run   command
truth:  git   git

test:  when a function fails a function always on a specific argument .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  implement nrt_meminfo_data_fast for the given module argument to the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   calls
truth:  define   a

test:  set the value of memcache in memcache and dict .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test that the timeout argument can be loaded .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of all of its children .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a factory for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  if   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if theres no size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch changes from a remote location .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs a normal episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   log
truth:  log   history

test:  prints out the command and logout if the user is present .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  null   point
truth:  using   testing

test:  look up the user headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between a point value .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db by removing the auto_close_date column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  a user with a quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic dimensions .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  square   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  seeks a box to read events after a audio .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   method
truth:  called   null

test:  called after building a page to active active url .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  print   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags of a database .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test that no output is raised if we find a merge .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  to   list
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge metadata into dx option .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  null   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has active permissions .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  used by other job when the function supports a remote host .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the execution module is under a filesystem namespace .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a double frame and optional double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string corresponding to lookup_view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the value of a given quotas .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  find   current
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu fraction for an already fraction .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   tm
truth:  set   set

test:  constructs a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  extended   token
truth:  append   append

test:  for groups that dont include user .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of an iterable object .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  chunks   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size of a host size .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of the tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll name to a python dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create a server-side parameter string .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  function   create
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given request .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch test for a given matrix or square .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the id of a message .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the name of the current backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  backend   backend

test:  pack all the images into a single image containing only images for each images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  convert   memoize
truth:  determines   null

test:  container id container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  force   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  compare two private key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  return   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  gets number of number that contribute to their country code .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  password   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  nice a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  running   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the bound limit is of range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses an equivalent tree representing its native output tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   a
truth:  set   set

test:  run command through switchs of ] .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  find a unique name for a given prefix .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   null
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict source space to sensor space .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  transform   eeg
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read the current configuration variables from the traffic server .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  server   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon application for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set the default output of the current file .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve the contents of an http doc cache .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the ajax value of a random array .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render a python object with the given data structure as context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator over the type of a type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   a

test:  create missing directories .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sorts a list of mapping objects by given cluster size and size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  determine if ufunc can be used for a list of ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  null   variant

test:  downloads and handle a video .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf with edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  work   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the vms project name .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  given a number of offset and end of characters for a goal period .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   support
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip describe by none .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections into the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   parse
truth:  add   add

test:  runs the given command and returns a dictionary containing the result .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document from a url to a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if a shell is needed .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  shares shares metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  null   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the main laymanapi of the indicates which the user commands to use .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract a large integer l of l .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of opt for a strong group .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of steps for the specified graph and lower the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get and write an inset file for the xml file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a path looks like a dotted hidden or a dotted file .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  pulls all translated components into a list of identifier .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find the cover image container container image container container image container id string or none if it does not exist .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification notification setting .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  builds a tree representing a tree of a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  format the default payload for each domain .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   function
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a schema schema which fires an validation of validation objects .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hex token given an oauth token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception if resource class is not custom .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  ensure   default
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library in media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  outputs   media
truth:  get   media

test:  dynamically loads all output files contained in the given source file .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   null

test:  retrieve connection info about the mysql datastore .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from circle nodes .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  capitalize string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when a package is named correctly .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  marathon   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  list all known namespaces cli example: .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   information

test:  initiate generation of a student in a course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  get   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  the pdf of the array is a symmetric matrix .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts an integer to a file descriptor or file descriptor .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  reads   in
truth:  return   a

test:  show all alarm configuration variables cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   show
truth:  return   a

test:  replace path to exec .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  change   update
truth:  update   update

test:  run a module in the local filesystem namespace note that the executed module will be overwritten: the "exec" namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function helps a user event .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the config runs the given config .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  if   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  search all a package fst in a directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  search   controller
truth:  scan   a

test:  move or extend an entity property .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  implements   check
truth:  go   null

test:  generate tests for volumeservice sync options to set volumeservice .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the argument body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file with the given hashes .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method to resolve the default connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   handler
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  compute   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format a message to a standardized message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is a symlink .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  function for handling vote on the path_info .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  null   form
truth:  null   null

test:  get a generator of unstaged changes to load a path .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the max statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  embed adding adding an album into the given album object .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   albuminfo
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary file name for a binary file .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable n .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  complete idle rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  list   split
truth:  using   null

test:  given a mesh matrix .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  returns   nd
truth:  return   sparse

test:  returns integer == 1 .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  file   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  order -> string return a left-justified version of string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a list of questions for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a dns token to a string of signed token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute uri .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a queryset of ip give an integer .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  port   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error due to error .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new history of the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the stack stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the viewpoint resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this edge description .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install or continue a specific record in provider .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task certificates for all students certificates to the given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  return   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply any rule which contains the list of non-existent variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  modify   null

test:  check the line number of rgb images .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   a

test:  delete question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert loc vector to fahrenheit format .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   intervals
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace custom yaml output with arguments .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  capture   parse
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select full endpoint from the service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  function   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read lines from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  file   send
truth:  translated   append

test:  get all ~astropy .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   render
truth:  get   users

test:  provides extra qos policy information .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in the list for the given iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  return dlldy for the given distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  null   derivative

test:  generate a readable string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using the backend being used by the backend being setup .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  example: assignjs will operate on a file object .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  link-local link-local address strictly as link-local link-local multicast address space .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the qurl is naive based on the url .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a string of exact node-cfg .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  source   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main patch of the given dataset using the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the access flags .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  common code to subprocess .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  perform   a

test:  prints a pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  start the variance with the second easy-usable .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  null   element
truth:  -   -

test:  see if a file has a comma files .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  email   email

test:  returns a datetime object for the given date using the current timestamp .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run a pyobject suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  computes a response normalization of the given distribution function .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   response

test:  zookeeper zookeeper render_to_response .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a fixed bound to fixed bound with fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  null   like
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  decorate the deposit_type formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is an error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a new dictionary of the keys in the dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  count   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a single test configuration .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  if the public connectdef node is available .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  return epsilon .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of sync that we can load the last hour from the current connection .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies a function or a clip on a clip with an argument clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  searches   f(clip
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line looks like a white line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate user certificates for students whose given course_id .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for the next iteration of the monday of the monday of the monday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  null   ipv4
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an ascii set of a query to a set of query .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the specified user has all packages .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  if   check

test:  sends stdout on a temporary stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  null   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  notify a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  notify   usage
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are a datetime of an array arraylike object arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running on the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  see if mdata-get command can be attached to the command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  correct   mavexporer
truth:  execute   a

test:  create a list of attribute attributes .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a docstring .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor the named module cli example: .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   messages
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an ipython session .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  start   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file to a git file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   delete
truth:  write   null

test:  generate the template table for a plain instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  null   create
truth:  xml   xml

test:  causes a <pre> .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   up

test:  extends the additional properties for a given additional value against the expected value of the given validator which match the given properties .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of tasks .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   get
truth:  null   method

test:  delete content content .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via a installed environment .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is booting and not a runtimeerror instance .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  write   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is a portion of another node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of shutil to allow it to update the build number of support using the build number .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a package version string to the configured versions of the current linux .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   version
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  send   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require a opkg version of the site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of a version cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  returns   cassandra
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring to a set of magnitude devices .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   pprint
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  lookup a setting that matches a relation in the setting .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  exponential linear unit operations between an correspond to compute coordinates .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  create a node on the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the 3x3 cartesian angle for a particular angle in a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute the rectified average .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the modulestore setting corresponding to the request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json object .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  warn if numpy supports a different privileges .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking sum of files .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  to   label
truth:  blocking   non

test:  return a set of bytes which can be a set of bytes .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  evaluate tidy fragment and return empty string .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates using circle perimeter .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if the process is a my process running under a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  render a numpy array .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  load   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage class by name .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads a beacon configuration in the minion .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract a base path from a package path .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  list   configuration
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header header name .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add a list of substitute to an integer substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  converts   mail
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download a tarball from file if unknown .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for use in tests .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if the given filename matches the given project .
truth: test if . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like an object to an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  add   a

test:  expands expands setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for setting a class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sign sign symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default value for a default value .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the modified option on the object on the local object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  use the rbracket rbracket to get a snmp value .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  null   features
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  register a stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  read all files under the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   constructor
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find a file with the given filename .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple to a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the python interpreter to use when calling a custom method .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to tuple of order chunks .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  iterate   linear
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  remove the dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to a call and return the socket object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a wrapper around toplevel .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  function   call
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  parses stack trace for for a line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  stack   shorthand
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the contents of a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   redirect
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  response a function if used is true .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute homogeneity score and labels .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : intconstant : field_type | const_list | set_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append the payload to the end of all occurrences of a given payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   in
truth:  complete   null

test:  get results with overhangs removed or filled in the ndarray .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a timestamp in seconds since a human readable format .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   time
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is a backwards compatibility function for removing windows .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision matrix to have a precision type .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  check   a

test:  update the config_id info file .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first eventrenderers of a vector3 given two points .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   image

test:  return the size of a matrix that is a n*m integer wrt the der-encoded of a continued series .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  500 a view function with an html response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  see if given datastore-indexes .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the configured confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  email   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add deprecated argument to the help function used for adding deprecated .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but returns none if the values are correctly .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  call flask page with environment variable and returns the result dict of environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   test
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads all images into a given directory args: path : the path to the given image file .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   create
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   hosts
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a 2d container path to a package .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  loop for a loop of categorical templates .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the specified distribution .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   a
truth:  name   name

test:  check if a value is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  time   get
truth:  given   a

test:  yield pieces of data from http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the specified validators exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  authentication handler .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  create a base type for the given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment variables .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  function   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags from a future response .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if *obj* is a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process_memory_map to a course provided script .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  create a rectangular order of a sequence of items .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  object   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic a separater .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  optionally optionally memory if arg is float .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  arg   arg

test:  decorator to pickle the external disk seconds for a file .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  display   display

test:  get the list of the results for a process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  searches   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  convert all counters in group to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the given credentials are valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat -> iterator repeats the elements of a given axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  render a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  this method checks to see if were running in a restart restart .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  retrieves   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append a text scope into the scope of a literal .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  create   text
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a clsid for the specified key .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  find   implements
truth:  given   a

test:  reads and reads the header from a header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  outputs   context
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob glob pattern to a regular expression; .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   time
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist name | ruleitem .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   race
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given model path path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset warnings related to new one .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host name for the given wsgi scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  generate and generate a text file .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package supports a package .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of arguments .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  match   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user associated with a user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  subnet a reverse lookup .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   reverse
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close a file descriptor to close the current working directory .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  file   file

test:  build command arguments for subprocess .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  -   null
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator which applies a function to an asynchronous class .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write given tree to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return numpy value for the series/index string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  ip   options
truth:  find   find

test:  generate only one of several sjson from sjson from sjson .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup for a markup filter .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for a given user_id .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a compiler compiler compiler from a different compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from a npz .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap a function using a environmental folder .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder for the given host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  page rendered with internationalization .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the given list of inputs to the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  list   map
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts value of the given provider name .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  value   value

test:  test that the sample can be loaded and from a 2d image .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  a helper function to check if a user is a contributor authenticated .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a mask that plays the given number of characters .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  function   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an xml document .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct public variables for a given vm .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  get the html name of the html section for the given datetime object .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return the default contact_type instance .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   numpy
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated method returns a permission decorator .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until a lock is available .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a numpy array of randomly bretts function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a decorator to wait for a module to see if a module is loaded .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project can be transfered .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for issue static static file .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  make a neighbor connectivity for a set of points .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns a list of null objects of given length .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to initialize the cli output .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   data
truth:  null   method

test:  strand -> int list arguments: s2 : the string s1 to s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the 2d transformation matrix .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of ports ports and groups the security groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  give   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates a password against the http password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert datetime object to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to pytest a temporary server .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  behave   run
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns a list of the system tmpfile tmpfile .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received object from a filename .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse a tree in a tree .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  replaces the first two strings in a groebner graph .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  enforce   a

test:  parse the two strings into a single "foo" float .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  to   use
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip window by channel and return its posix posix byte representation .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  modify   check
truth:  identify   null

test:  ensure that the docstring reader works .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   markup
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to use as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   print
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get truncation truncation from request or fail .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate sample correlation between a complex statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  compute   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  adds simple representation to the scanning table .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  load   plugins
truth:  support   support

test:  split a list of breaks at breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a single bytestring value using the url- and returns a unicode string .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers for an sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  server   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator for a given class .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a issue of confusion documents .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  poll   merge
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate markdown of markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the index of the operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all the resource classes .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return a list of all target files and all target files .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generates   a

test:  log logging response .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  set the public for a createinstance and check for general subclasses .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting montages .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a stride by adding a stride to a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  fix   fix

test:  take a list of tuples .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  be   null
truth:  output   output

test:  run the given command using the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   windows
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed column is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  pad or trim data with given length padding to the latest version of data padding .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  apply   standard

test:  given tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameter to use a generator for routes :return: a subdirectory parameter name .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expands a list of strings into a single string .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a random array filled with shape drawn and p .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the standby timeout setting for the current thread .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deposit an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst for each example database directories .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the contents of the source file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  get   return
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the usage dirty usage by a tenant and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port of the lag system .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   network
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file using the given mode file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  file   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns the mean of the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  order   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing this module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all messages .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return information about the specified package(s) cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  return   method
truth:  function   function

test:  add the members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function to connect to a server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a tree between all lines between core and template lines .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  add   add

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the string if the script is currently installed .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  run   get
truth:  function   function

test:  compares sampling geometry as sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  sampling   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut of a given context .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  instructs chocolatey to parse the command output of the executable .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  null   order
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indentation a string to each line of the given string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   attributes
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant to a flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users account .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   grains

test:  deletes tidy .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   replace
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with keys of the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  null   return
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the camera .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  del an attribute of the given attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns a string made of the current locale information .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if request is in json .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  null   dns
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  return true if the requester cache is configured in the mocked .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a value for a local string .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  like   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  check if methods that are exclusively of os .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  load an image from disk parameters fname : str plugin to return image .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  vertical sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for a given module name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value of a section .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of the given random ascii token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the ports with ports listed in the target .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  decorator to set methods of a method to be called after each combination of a tasks .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a list of structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the last segment of a text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and stores them into a single layer .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  scan   entry
truth:  load   load

test:  determine whether the argument needs a single space character .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  removes   in
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a single leastsq using a leastsq leastsq .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  sets the function used to test a cached version of a specific user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location variable option for python file .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   order
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of *x* .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  create   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  notify api to manage api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to a thing .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  elementwise   function
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies by name cli example: salt myminion principal salt myminion salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   escalation
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an visible descriptor to nonstaff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  return string of all keyword names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  use c argument to use c instead of c .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  function   debug
truth:  running   in

test:  check if a file is a unsubscribe archive .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return information about the version of the python version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk for a gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   clients
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object and capture them as a list of instances using the git .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic axes given a 3d matrix .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  null   a

test:  submit a class decorator .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the word value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  show a list of files from the repository json .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export single csv file to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  null   apps
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a given name is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   a

test:  install a beacon .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  report the report of a particular state .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  list   status
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a function which provides all elements of c{inode} with the given criteria .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a test parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove boldface indentation from docstring *s* .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a boolean check if the value represents a boolean value .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a literal_type is a valid variable base-36 upon a check_mode check_mode .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the database file into a db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  opens   close
truth:  initializes   null

test:  retrieve full gateway object for a specific vm .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of unique figure numbers .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string representing the redis connection from the database .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  pass additional resource from any .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   sets
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the path arguments: tex_root -- the analysis to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for the supply .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   header
truth:  header   header

test:  combine data from channel with shape and column components .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have not be used .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  decodes a serialized serialized serialized data .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create new media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the loaded modules from the specified package .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  train using fall loaded with prettified threads .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   edge
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator used with classes to give a intercept to be set of .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate for an privileges type .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  prepare a static static code .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  null   form
truth:  outputs   a

test:  check the total status of a job .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  run   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  analyze the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  fixture   create
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the _thread sigmoid parameters .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait for the process to finish a process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a new block instance of a class .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse rfc1123 rfc1123 to get the rfc1123 date string .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  see   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 score .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve a repo tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the gw is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  inspect   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle season and link if http error is sol .
truth: process one link . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-rm(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the mercurial checkout rev any additional options to add to the revision revision .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  returns   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print a warning .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  display   runs
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using different already satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  filter   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping cases cases correctly .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a file is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  force   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer represented by <symlink> to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the rms of a list of image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment region from the commandline alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if a repo is repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans all the given directory from the cache .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  prints an error message and exit .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as an wsgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine for deleting files which should be skipped .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test a simple view that tests the size and size .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  make   github
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token using the body body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  receives a message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  publish   message
truth:  null   a

test:  a replacement for k[x] .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  takes patchsets log and stripped to discover binary arrays .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that the download works .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow back to be used in receiver from receiver .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   signal
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication handler for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  if   flavor
truth:  returns   a

test:  update proj pid to tarball .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  update   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the cached module attempts to load balancer by timeseries .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  tries to find the path to the current display directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir already has bem mri .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a hash identifying the hash of a function .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  time   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  execute freebsd usage of freebsd usage .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  interpret   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update import job id .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function gets called when an error occurs .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  remove trailing entry text .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this method is protected when a site against protected against a site .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  allows   compute
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a search query and run a one pids .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark several runs on a single dataset using the configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  test   count
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument type passed in that the given type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  print   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into blog posts .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check a value for discrete discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the localectl name for the specified locale cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return cast type based on cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   filesystem
truth:  determines   null

test:  verify that the given protocol matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  contractions contractions step from source to destination .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  source   transcripts
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  null   mne
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add a simple domain to a handler .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception error to a plain error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that we can load a socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of a given css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses and validate the entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a module as a string which encodes the given object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the value of a given variable .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient to subprocess .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  view   f
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in mapping fields also flags valid fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  inverse of all values of a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  email   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a time to a normalized unit unit string .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  verify that a portage package name is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return configuration .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  files   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a factory method .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   read
truth:  create   create

test:  reads a base64-encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  read   null
truth:  object   object

test:  detects if printing should be valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  called from a bilinear object .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  return   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade libguestfs formatted as followers .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  null   date
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  confirm   work
truth:  null   service

test:  create a compositelayer wrapping two different constant inputs .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  populate a list of urls with the given url .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the master master is new name the 5x5 to use new host to manage sentinel a sentinel to the host .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to the queue .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   duplicates
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers for both the nestedrings and the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   loop
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a filename to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  colorize style result .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load the file system path for a project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  load   a

test:  matched matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save it to the other row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a dict of files read from the specified metadata file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  looks   null

test:  conditional formatting rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if source can be a connect to the given node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  add   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the given date is currently made .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  is   test
truth:  if   return

test:  print a custom encoded encoded .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  run the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the group specs for a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all virtual networks verbose verbose a cluster verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list available features to install local package cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait until a task has been given .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  make a sequential entry point for a given bytestring .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  parse   length
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the compile_multiple .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  create   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like _simplesizer .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  -   null
truth:  call   call

test:  shorthand for assert that imported exceptions .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  format a list of changes to each status .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parse a content-type and return the location of the events which holds the events in the events output .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract background steps when a background tag can be converted to a background string .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dna matrix that can be updated with new ca api score .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  transform   function
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  ensure that we can construct a string using a slugify name .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the versioned document and a dict of all info of the given document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to pickled color space conversion .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy values if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated proxy facts if they were not
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   dns
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  a function which checks to see if a process is running under running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   os

test:  do entities over the given request and limit .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  select   search
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test to make sure that the html table columns of the html table columns in the html table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number of units that correspond to a given number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the pip file path .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a memoize method calls another method .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa taxa table from otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   create
truth:  opens   null

test:  execute a single file or raise if it does not exist .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   return
truth:  name   name

test:  adapted version of the given description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  get   return
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager object using the given source .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find an explicit type to verify the given set of x0 .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  function   method
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns using the non-intersecting authentication keys of the href .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a synchronously operation to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure that the first argument passed to a new futures .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  processes cache for related units .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  invalidate   update
truth:  related   update

test:  ensures that sample arguments are always directly .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  instantiate   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  update project dependencies for all of the project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  update   update

test:  struct_declaration : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  convert a relative relative relative to a abs .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a look on a dictionary .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that the ctypes test effect effect works .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  to   test
truth:  is   null

test:  run command using coerced .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of available availability zones .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  pass additional options to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of a polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  return   return

test:  search packages to use .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all of the version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  stack   return
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a seed object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   shorthand
truth:  return   return

test:  similar to a new-style context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the cached value of sos variables along an axis .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  count   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the python interpreter interpreter .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a header line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the configuration of a configuration file to be removed .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  start   ssh
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert a string to a regular expression using a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  is   null

test:  execute commands in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  run   null
truth:  specified   null

test:  parses the given stream and returns a tuple of buildbot instances .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  look   null

test:  quotes a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cdf of the normal upper bound to the given sum .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a thing for safe use .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  null   string
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the work() method of the command line .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   find
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current :class:~matplotlib name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an existing database .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous list of contiguous regions .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a bundle from a file .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   append
truth:  create   osc

test:  print a remote search of the remote paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  find   find

test:  compute content of f and return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns a generator of all the registered weighers instances .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the versions of a version using the version version .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy variable for batches .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  from a timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  create   return
truth:  is   null

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a formatted number formatted for human consumption .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  removes   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized normalized mean data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  converts continuous types to strings .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  read data from a file object .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   file
truth:  read   data

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: always load . 
test:  module   load
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to an existing dictionary .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a flavor type .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  similar to calculated_stat .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that installing a requirements file fails .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return a path if s is a binary string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project version files for project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   versions
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the serial for the current request .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  fixture that provides a xonsh loader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the registry .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot from a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the theano function to compute theano variables at a given inputs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return str representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the certificate from a trust structure .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   length
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding decode as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   gzip
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   default
truth:  if   null

test:  return a decorator for checking if the given function node is made .
truth: function type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  normal test with the test .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  gets the path of the given gs name .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload a list of all loaded :class:~datetime .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  deinstalls   function
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for starting the script from the commandline module using the detected command .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   point
truth:  run   run

test:  extract only the given language name from a specific language code .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  try to determine the current db connection to the db database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of a single instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  drop   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a short handler that turns all the items into a javascript type and and a javascript file .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable the logging level .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a specific reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if *uri* *uri* can be parsed into something .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrive the parent of a parent connection .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is a projection instance .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the name of the package that owns the file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  null   list
truth:  if   return

test:  gets a gets compiled output from a file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  determine if a vm exists .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   worksheet
truth:  output   output

test:  write the contents of the given file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  append   append

test:  given a series of average from a series of length moments .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical widdershins polygon .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a title file .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  load a file and return its contents .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  read   =
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  convert numpy object to a python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by pillar .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  actor focused sample documents for a sample .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine if a backup backup supported by the request contained in the request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon machine :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test instsource .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   folder
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules & submodules from a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensure that the titles for a given dashboard dashboard and titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  filename   content
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable n .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  publish loggers to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  monitor   convert
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator for checking if the function has a arg .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes a clip progressively fade to some time .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  makes   null

test:  helper function to convert an ip address string .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a default colormap to an image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling of the convolutional layer .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if a given directory is a valid domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this page has an single transaction page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: tie adds support for the tie plugin .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  read strides from memmap buffer using memmap .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set the display of the machine based on the configuration .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  configures   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check if a code already exists .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  useless@register -> list of useless slices .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string with all occurrences of the string removed .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  does   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up masquerading for a taskqueue .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  init   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a tex window .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  open   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install a pip in the package .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name of the company .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get user auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  searches   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  run the log event .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply the filters to a query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version and adds its current user .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the op for a set of samples .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  null   likelihood
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of finnish to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   reset
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send an issue to a file .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading a custom keys file .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the :class:deletes3keys :class:deletes3keys namespace from the given name .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  produce a relaxed distance for a musicbrainz distance matrix .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   distance

test:  saves the config to sphinx .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  lists all tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  format   newlines
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to get an object or none if one does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data to a message .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root spec for the object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove a file from the ports .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   copies
truth:  removes   null

test:  list policies specified in specified virtual host name cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  stubs out the image log .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  view   null
truth:  fakes   null

test:  inverse of fermat .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   warnings
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  given the row and column {'num .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test that a hint has a factorize schema .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  this is a account .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a list of files which have been downloaded .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  create   create

test:  start the default production server and return the results in both request and error code .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  run   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string containing a ticket separated by text .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   metadata
truth:  given   a

test:  return union of two lists of strlist strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  union   null
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a json representation of a user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a feed object from a feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  link   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter values by data from a dom data limit .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  allow   filtering
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk a python path and all python files in a given python directory .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  null   files
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) using random var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the python version as a tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert signal to pastel implementation parameters rgb : array_like .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  takes   estimate
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module js and coffee files to the output .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns an authorized googleanalayticsclient object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append a dft option to the list of paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  replace   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   httpd
truth:  restart   csf

test:  update items/subsequences email for a user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  updates   email
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a vfs metric from the given token .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> string regex return a dictionary-like task time .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   expression

test:  extracts all messages from an xml tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper to bind a random port to a port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs out the user and log in .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a python file from the specified filename and return the contents of file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of all pids pids of a directory .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone it to a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   build
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a unique .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten a sequence of columns .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the value for the form: state .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   build
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect a single service to a given transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  internal helper function .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  perform   sort
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the exit code for this module .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple check to see if v is installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for filterform .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  replace   modules
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a list of color tuples .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n324 - use mutable instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   message
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   hosts
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add the last items between this queue to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  return a dot chunk of a graph using any pair .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace explicit quotes in a string .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   string
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify that a new record matches a new one .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  if   parameters
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of command arguments for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  null   command
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  outputs the template tag for the given object .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve hosts according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html output of a graph .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the smtp server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   server
truth:  get   get

test:  warn the package with the package we dont support .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate access token for the provided user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  take   action

test:  given a tree of items and a text file .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  null   function
truth:  look   up

test:  take a string value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   val
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a directory listing information about a given name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user endpoint for the given reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  prints   redirects
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  deprecated method .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do a sample of the following: value randomly satisfies the half-open function with randomly ax^2 vertically .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user is admin in the system .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  is   null

test:  get the pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  example of the github searches .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  print   a
truth:  listing   listing

test:  gets gateway details from autotest_web .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   gateway

test:  given a dictionary that represents lines .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  get   get
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified relu unit .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  null   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use within a value of analysis t by default .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert a datetime to a csl object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of type type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return continuation state of the which a revision file .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  check for the existence of the key to be mbcs .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the user can view an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  for equal cases of a multivariate normal distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  display the file name .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  point   function
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  looks up recursively test noniterable .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  default   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting response section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that sparseseries sparseseries sparseseries and right are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with a simple text at the top with the top level each managers .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  warn() should not expose use a numpyprinter .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - write binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  check a function against a database .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns all of the active children of a given list .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given {'username' is a valid ip .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the running data .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  null   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if ref is a valid ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  internal function for typetalk a directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a gauss-legendre gauss-legendre web .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  an ssl_options compatible with context .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add counters to this tarball of hadoop to the same way as the program .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from the specified content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  thread   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  create   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return the directory to use for this module .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace to stdout .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path of a module that will be considered within a single module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  external_declaration : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  replace characters with a symmetric matrix found in their row** potential .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  verify whether the given response is a web browser .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of characters with specified length :return: a random string of characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user to a group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference to numeric format string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the cache file from the next time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if the given date is privileged for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the http layer as an integer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns an download url for a url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  null   download
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterator over serial items of a sequence .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the specified password is a password revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  given   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation from the database .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  read adjacency data from json format using jit .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator which causes a method to an instance of sys .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  connect to the user .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a user acl to the instructor .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the data with the cipher cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  set   a
truth:  tell   null

test:  get tests for a glob info file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   python

test:  format an execution status into a timezone instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer list of all lexer classes defined in the filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images into a single image .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  content   null
truth:  blend   blend

test:  given a string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  indent   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the auto fields of a auto object .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that all arguments given as python 3 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorator used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a list of credentials and their auth version .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the union of all graphs of the graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  replace   struct_or_union
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the date from the unix timestamp .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  set up the config file .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  prevent   duplicates
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract an http id from a token token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  download   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the source platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  stacks   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  verify that the defaults value is in maximum name the minimum name of the package to be shut .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change the default group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  detach   grain
truth:  set   set

test:  writes a whole html snippet into a string .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   convert
truth:  strip   strip

test:  when a user presses the new facility users .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   populate
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the full database id from the mysql server .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag and the inner text to the inner xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return translation based on given user and a dictionary .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce read-only logic after a lock .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save a specific flag id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  modify complex dictionaries .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   call
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of bytes required by a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  containing options from a pre-yarn containing a file-like containing a ordereddict of messages from the *nspfxs* .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   counters
truth:  parse   a

test:  pull out the environment variable from the environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  writes the message to deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute convergence functions of n functions .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   correctness

test:  free swap out of graph as strings .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   use
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the replacement set of node .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  compute   run
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   create
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  tokens   return
truth:  s   s

test:  get a fixed timezone string for a fixed offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if short is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  a wrapper for inserting an object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  called   null

test:  norm covariance of place** wrt mean .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a method with a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   group
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the proxy functions should have a gl gl backend .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  parse flowgrams format from tarball .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get a database by name .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds the max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  issues a subprocess to the output of a running system .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   a
truth:  run   cmd

test:  reads a file-like object from file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  opens   function
truth:  open   a

test:  a generator which generates all of the values of a given collection .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names entry .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack a single terminal to the user .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  check   check

test:  pack string or binary representation of pythons alphabet to a single string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix types by keyword .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fixes   helper
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the corresponding group of a disk device name .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given a callable .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a suitable message message message for the given response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  create test candidates for wale_log_destination using pivot .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  perform   null

test:  create g for g nodes .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  to   nodes
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release has a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  quick test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the most common observations for an iterable[function] address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates overlap for the given document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the network is in network or host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  if   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   network

test:  entry point for the building refrsh view using the object .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  initializes   return
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  event manager that does not contain media player manager .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  install commands and setup the latest virtual environment .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  provide a path to a git wrapper around git checkout .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for starting an http error .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   process
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection should be closed .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  reload a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  module   module
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  list   return
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml element to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create a form with the unordered note that creates a form with the string type .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a symbolic precision with the consumers equal to left .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  time   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the auxiliary score for a single score using the :ref:user for testing .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine of the cosine vector field wrt the specified axis .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine the average nodes of the points that are in the book loop .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   move
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current configuration variable name .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   attempt
truth:  set   a

test:  combine text against text output of text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  null   call
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc prediction score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  set data to be used in standard format .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a amount of amount to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : pointer .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   quarantine
truth:  return   launchd

test:  evaluate the varnish cache value .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection inside the beginning and back .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a given user_id .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   user

test:  for each read in seq .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   while
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters that are defined in a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a python constant to the appropriate type of 1 .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read from the request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a given mon is a specific package .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate to the configuration file .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a query for the given type type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  query   null
truth:  get   a

test:  identify the users authenticated authenticated with repos .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  request   null
truth:  to   try

test:  encode obj as json object using json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  helper method to update the collection summary domain .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   check
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the clipped function that enables the input function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   clone
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix list of cron revisions revisions revisions .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  searching   art
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if line looks like a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes in the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() for @jitclass record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the n x matrix as a multi-index matrix .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read some data from a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  output   attempt
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  sort   compile
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  step   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to output .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given an :class: .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of all folders on the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to a face xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   vertex

test:  return unicode instance of obj .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a single suite of a package in a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a service is enabled by the system .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given certificate name the certificate store the certificate store to be removed from the minion .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and return both python 2 and the logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   app
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quick helper to set up the list of files to still created .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  process   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   in
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape a string so that it can be included in a list of text .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this script commits the user and exit code .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  return the coordinate diagonal of a diagonal view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a stream to become a status stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the yaml yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  set the given attribute of an object that has the given objects .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  set   predicate
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if the image satisfies a given shape .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively process data structures .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma value to a 2d rgb(a) string .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  test   frills
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  filename   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all installed models for which a given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  list   list
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the zigbee platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to the string .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files to a directory .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   configuration
truth:  write   discovery

test:  retrieve an object by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  [option1 task by cls and thread and thread .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  function   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by its id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  function   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   nova
truth:  check   check

test:  verifies a user object .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  set   get
truth:  ask   user

test:  extracts the path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle a response loggers loggers loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates product of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   n

test:  create a zipline volume .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  layer filepath to primer truncated fasta labels and calculates list of fasta labels fasta_dir: list of fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test that a few structure can be loaded on a python file .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   controller
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template string for the given name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from the database .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   remove
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a timegrouper .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  leading   converts
truth:  null   handler

test:  resets the xmodule and delete all bokeh entities .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return one class of the output labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to set an anonymous class when given a class name of the class .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return the system command that the file system can be passed to a given file or directory .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to remove a request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  handles   a

test:  make a url for use with a render_function url .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  resolve a facilitys alphabet object as embl .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  clear cached rules for policy .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert :py:class:bytes or :py:class:unicode to bytes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a file-like object from a configuration string .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a unique uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a prefixed list of all intersection of this string .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   latex
truth:  return   return

test:  test that alt_name cannot be instantiated with __all__ dtype .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove function from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  func   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert a sound function .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect list of translations for each ;) .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete an versions from a project and all its status .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run login details with a docker details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  output   a
truth:  set   set

test:  regression test for a bug that github warnings when used .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  null   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch a checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  retrieve data from a jid .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  display   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete prospective file if it isnt going to be used .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   search
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convenience function creates a path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm details cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  time   code
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given column-oriented and the current database is marked as they cant be safely be safely .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  writes a redis client to redis .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  test   test

test:  trims the given number of strings to make comparing it overlay to 1 .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  truncates   function
truth:  align   a

test:  generates a pretty log error from the given map which has the given bash using the gui .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that accounts with submission give them into a submission of distances and that the submission is enforced .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a string containing one document .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the elements of a list .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a revision group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies from an compiled marker .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all of the workflow which have been plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite allocations to groomer server .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  deletes   task
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  tab-completion: through all utc responses .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   product
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope publishes runscope during runscope results .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test mean of row and scale .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response into a urllib2 instance .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a pathname .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  docstring   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the composition for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  the previous previous patch to previous server .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  converts arrays to a standard .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  test   generate
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the categorical id of a python object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path where the points around the points .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  issue a warning and all exporter in the console .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess options for search by search and their integer .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  simulates   options
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator for marking a function or method as a serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the contents of the topic that appear as a prime by normalized time of the original topic .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the given html with all float stripped .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server manager .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a string of zero type type type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the given dataset type for the given type type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a function as a deprecation warning on the current page .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  determine whether alternate modules need to be changed .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  remove   input
truth:  run   html

test:  processes the object and returns the layers folder .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   create
truth:  initializes   null

test:  list module permissions .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  flags   get
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count number of rows for a nans or a single nans .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  read the page from a file-like object to load the page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract an inventory from a json string .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  use shared instead of missing instead of authority .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip pip fail .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  process a function for repositories .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  run   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a standard base cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks hosts config by a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared axs .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a queryset of the graph of all cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks a valid magic number for a valid type .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  function   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up a shorthand id for a specific server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  locate   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  input   input

test:  return the diffchunkgenerator policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two files in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a iterator .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  widen   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string or unicode object .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the provided context .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  strip   validate
truth:  null   inject

test:  takes a string and a ecommerce service mode and returns a dict of all of the problems with the given supplied audit audit audit audit information for the given supplied
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of hosts via our host this method returns a list of hosts and password hosts for each host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   conlleval
truth:  get   a

test:  force injection after all eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a list of members of a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a control .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  transform   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test plotting of logouts files .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns the absolute uri for the given uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the constraints types for all axes .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   cluster
truth:  changes   changes

test:  warn or not test files .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the le script for a venv script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   dict
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize gradient of quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  quantize   a

test:  transform a numpy size into a human readable size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  create   a

test:  get the value of a service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  provides   command
truth:  receives   null

test:  ensure that pylearn2 .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add pillar by complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all the os-api count' for a tenant .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a module is exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  check if the request name is functional .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is used to return the url that could be used like the real database .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   a

test:  the fastcommentedheader implementation should be updated when the new-style module is updated .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  test   default
truth:  patch   patch

test:  renders the session api .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  context   crud
truth:  to   actions

test:  check if we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a timezone to a unix timezone object .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   dhcp
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which applies a paramaterized function to the deprecated line .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  checks for .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   fix
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the result of the function getargspec .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  waits for stopped services to finish .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   function
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a list of all modules and their content containing them .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  unrelated a document for github objects using the correct document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  null   return
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps all arg as a string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   dumps
truth:  dump   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fit -> fit fit to fit a multi-dim helper function .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  multivariate   convert
truth:  fits   a

test:  this is here to override a bug in a python implementation .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method checks if the file is the html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a tweet for 2 serialization .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert images to the idiotic method .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get an http search series for a arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   one
truth:  search   series

test:  generate a string for the shape of a set of shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  application acknowledge section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  url   section
truth:  null   information

test:  renders a template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  template   template
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that maps a simple view to an html form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  null   view
truth:  return   a

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with an optional another step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  make   null

test:  use this decorator to passive a class store a case of a class that calls another function .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all volumes .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  null   training
truth:  training   training

test:  checks the configuration for the current request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  configure the illegal xml to show only the nearest walks .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  given integers number .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  takes   inverse
truth:  count   count

test:  set the system delay : false restart to restart the server delay restart cli example: .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  parse xml metadata for dic .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  import   get
truth:  return   return

test:  displays breadcrumbs page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a experiment size .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test path of test test test file .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  perform the ninja functions for ninja modules that do not need to be loaded at the auth functions back to the ninja module .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  init   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  return a list of consolidate blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  returning   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  generate pprint for the settings in ascii settings .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  reads an input stream .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of an integer .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a javascript dict for a given payload .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  retrieve   compute
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a managed site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of the local source object .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   columns
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a gaussian distribution of a set of mnist estimate using a csv-formatted matrix .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  wrap   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes a source directory and all its contents of a given source .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  function   mail
truth:  email   email

test:  checks to see if the given feature is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the rrc822 from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the zigbee platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a file system path path to the container parent directory path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns given list of simserver with string value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if configurations has all available available .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate and return a list of contents from the container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  link-local link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  allocate an object .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process given file name and return its contents .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  read   files
truth:  compare   contents

test:  wrapper for pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  escapes   function
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  list all the folders under the folder as a folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  matching   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a binary image into a numpy array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  given a statement and end of the statement to end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks for installation version of pip ssl load operations .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  is   version
truth:  if   check

test:  use the log of the standard error operator to log the whole file at the end of the process of the right of the right and log depending on the
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   init_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  waits for a specific description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  mark a spam or spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that using a marathon test runs correctly .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks if the given string is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  default   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get endpoint width over loops and add the x width .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check file length of text to see if it has different lines .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip for use as local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank of a matrix with the given subset of its rank .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml string using the policy object .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that the column of the column and nervanacpu other checks .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   student
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that a translation extension are labeled .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  default   solve
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the whether value from the given response and return the optional connection .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  try   find
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  purge all couchbase and subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sorts a list of versions for most common versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if a socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the block link for a block block block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  clone   install
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   projects
truth:  convert   a

test:  stuff -> assignment setup a pair of assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  setup   egg
truth:  build   build

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   command
truth:  executes   a

test:  visualise each segment of a color with a color by color and labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of a point and its nan version of nan for use .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  return   hessian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the first argument is a updateable executable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  open a set of shelve .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns a list of modified time indented .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  time   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if a string is a valid format according to its nested labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a given url is not gradient with a prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  if   a
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that galambos arguments are properly loaded on a row using the transfer function .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from one object to another .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  error if value contains the provided status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the local cache of the datastore for which the specified gated_content_key exists .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   alternative
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator that converts a method name to a sha object .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce outer join between variables .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   class
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate server versions of making making an arch of flocker on the given directory .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a package name and returns a completion of it .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects and dumps api hook from api server .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  null   try
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the contents of the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse the function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  load cached file content from file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  writes   read
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to skip tests that require tool panel .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load lines from a smbclient file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get captions file from context .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  get   context
truth:  return   return

test:  always returns root node .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  like   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  null   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a list of steps .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock date for the xblocks xblocks category .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator for creating a method for an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the complete form of a particular configuration file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   part

test:  choose a list of tests that are built with a ratio of tests and ratio all tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that the logging class with an type .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if a given content is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  is   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  issue a query to a specific one .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   function
truth:  query   query

test:  takes a roads points and returns html markup for the given roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a string argument into a tuple of key-value pairs .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parses   validate
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   handler
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  main implementation of the script .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  works   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list of tuples .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  prints   log
truth:  print   print

test:  clears all versions of the given uuid .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads all sample images from a python object .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary crossentropy crossentropy .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  run   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves the deprecated checks .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function takes a url and returns a relative url and a relative url as local url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the reciprocal of a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   cpu
truth:  compute   np

test:  normalizes a number of original representation using a phone format .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  convert a color accuracy to the image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media player should render the media_player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   set
truth:  pause   pause

test:  given a complex part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  null   pylint
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial sturm by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  computes   null

test:  expands xml data to be changed in the string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a column based with the separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a single sysctl parameter in the minion list cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  show   list
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file to a local file .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  makes a figure for the figure and height for the figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  format the value of a configuration file .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  get   a

test:  set security headers for json header .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new server:port member to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a context manager that will set the jinja output to prevent messages off .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi pipeline .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  get the currently selected ttl from the device .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a / keyword from a python program and then use it .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   download
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test reading mkl files .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the string ip address to a unix network .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets a list of changed files of all staged .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object into an existing dict .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a theano shared variable containing the given domain name .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  model   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated test case isnt there .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  start a command .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration challenge challenge and corrects registration :return: serialized draft registration :rtype: dict .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  given a collection of size k examples .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  checks that a control is available .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  null   context
truth:  check   check

test:  return path to vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete an elasticache cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  add a single file from a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   filter
truth:  name   name

test:  transform a hot action into a one-hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri in a directory tree .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  return the bevel found in the bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to define an expression or fermionic an expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  normalize   order
truth:  write   null

test:  build the sound of a stopped file .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  null   build
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header set to deny .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that ensures an instance is raised when the event is posted .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get seconds .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class object for a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  read some contents of a file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   filter
truth:  read   read

test:  ill search for a given revision .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  return   null
truth:  searches   bing

test:  create a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  log error message with errors and raise errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  errors   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the qutebrowser summary of the qutebrowser output .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  run   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates an operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  modified   add
truth:  null   null

test:  try to retrieve a set of xmodule points from xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  convert   default
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify the first landmark image in gcs gcs .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  count   returns
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the object provided by one .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 versions of inception parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  force list-like of sourceranges auth certificate auth server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  server   server
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpacks values of a column by adding a single vector to an array of constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  convert a cdao string to a plain list .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of model instances .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a wraps knownfailuretest .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a line through and angle angle t1 and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch a markdown file for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  function   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original form .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es kwargs passed in dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  url-encode strings to be used for a now method .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  default   mariadb
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  feature files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   send
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the url is a valid endpoint endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a set of samples to render a set of samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a link to a protocol model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  decorator that checks if user is authorized .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  password   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a document in a server .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic nic stats in the nic nic .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  latex name and enhance info for enhance .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  function   null
truth:  using   null

test:  helper decorator that instantiates a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of the data in an operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions a partition suite of test suite into a list of test cases .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the output of the traceback .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the minimum of the minimum field of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if we are using google search .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the path to the lists .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a package is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  writes a list of incron to the system file for all incron images cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  if we want to read the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  write request headers for http request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  adds   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text to text in filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize the sab table .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches a url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  fetch   sets
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that number of args are valid .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some transformation for a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ip address of an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the first isnt an cr .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted encoding .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  to   like
truth:  print   print

test:  generates the django web signature .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that displays error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  null   error
truth:  view   view

test:  iterate over a like a matrix .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a default decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete keystone service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait until a list of the expected_paths also have been marked as a dependency .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter image using gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the user access permissions and elsewhere checks .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   in
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context for the specified context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  context   callback
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all required operation using a discussion operation .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  map   map

test:  getinfos create the x result of a particular weird module .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  function   use
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for url this example against the voting system .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  save a session to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  gets the fieldset request object .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage information about a system as a namedtuple .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate error -- search for search .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create or delete a stream of sys .
truth: print with color . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  print   print

test:  simple page .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if we can successfully available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  the the the edit element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  builds   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook from the given notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the cluster .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   try
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal decimal integer to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates updates the - make a variable with param - learning_rate - learning_rate - learning_rate * param - learning_rate * gradient - learning_rate - learning_rate - imdbid + expressions
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  null   response
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper function for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so it can be embedded within a <script> way .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  import   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  use the output of a scroll extension .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   flannel
truth:  link   a

test:  find vertical vertical edges of an image using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  apply all the specified template from the master contents of the given template contents .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  to   render
truth:  return   return

test:  print the details of the nest nest nest nest nest nest nest nest additional options to use to print the tip .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  install   function
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around yiq .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main command-line tool .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  iterate through all pids of pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute child score function for one or more theory .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  server   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of file object to only allow signals from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns an absolute url to a resource .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that using custom inverse of linear inverse operations .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract metadata from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the machine attributes set to false if any of sql labels .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a standard response for a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a synchronization rank of a matrix .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  helper function for opening a llvm nocopy reshape to a new ricker .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a route based on the current configuration .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  translate   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find the package versions of the package .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   versions
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns a checkpoint label for the given experiment experiment path for the given experiment experiment .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator that enforces view of returned by a view of the given request .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a dictionary of lists from the given sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create a new log file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a single expression .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  function   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel or channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test a 3d wcs .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative sum of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  compute   elements
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert a regexp of the form .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract integer weekdays for a given number of pages .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  time   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns a declarative base class for the given name .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets all of the course milestones for a course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   api

test:  estimate spectral norm of a complex matrix by the randomized power method .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  determine   complex
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of the form 1:23 into a time object: format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  does   xml
truth:  given   indent

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the barcode from a sequence of functions in o order .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  displays updates updates for updates of updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   series
truth:  null   page

test:  user can login if he is already in page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current float .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find a user id and return a shared uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   execution
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down a request and all backends .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  request   create
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  create new conventions .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  null   op
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may contain a method cache .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a global global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  check checksum of byte data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  normalize   functionality
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  test that a path should raise a null exception .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an centroid setting where each unit domain is sparseblock .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default encoding type .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable enhanced stream info .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   users
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the given day summary of each time summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  scroll   a
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the xml path by copykeys .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract only duplicates from the given cnt .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  find users home directory if appropriate .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of possible bits of n bits .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   a

test:  test that an exception not built correctly .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unload a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  defining   a
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release all hosts from the database .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  removes extra files which are deleted to be removed from sys .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  update a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  hook   hosts
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup client and webtest in ssl client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  wait   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a multi-line string .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match all matches in the string by the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the list of flags for a particular user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  based   null
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and execute the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a unix datetime to a datetime string .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   dates
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds a calltree string for the given product_data .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which checks the user is logged in .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  handler for eliminating that are equivalent to the channel channel and plots it .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  display   in
truth:  color   channels

test:  load an itemfield module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the datastore is running on a datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the router is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate multiple pairs of a dictionary .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  algorithm   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  generate the ancestor segments list for start_time segments that have at least one list of emails to be whenever they were invalid .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener for the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a augeas augeas .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   load
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a wrapper around vxlan .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is of the firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off a sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   returns
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test function for url to check that the typical supports altaz .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  invocation invocation a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  replacing   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string that is an unicode string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  for shorthand that formats anything .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get a little confirmation string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  evaluate   db
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine if config file can be used for arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   create

test:  given a mapping of figure .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the configfile object for the autoconfig autoconfig and autoconfig .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  collects all code paths from the static filesystem folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a corresponding type name for a type name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id from network network_id .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a string with all consecutive word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the stream .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type name for a type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  avoid all bounces from __namespace__ app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  tests that the different score can be used to one of the different process .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface records for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   arp_cache
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling calling an object should not override two __len__ tests .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  test   repr
truth:  following   following

test:  given a issue that will be called from a yaml stream .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  yields   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a task to the queue .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  list all active active mon for a specific type cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  checks if the user has access to the permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verifies that a and b are equal .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  unpacks   null
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a vm via acpi cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  loading   set
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open a given loop to a given directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  copy   command
truth:  null   null

test:  escape a dn configuration file with given dn as an empty dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   versions

test:  this method finds the program .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  called   part
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add the given prefix to the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string representing a datetime .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  takes   input
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the corpus of the ribes that will render the isozaki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  use   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the qapplication name to use when we find a qapplication qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  to   change
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the numeric assortativity coefficient .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   networkx
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate name the certificate to use cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  print   null
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  start a rabbitmq rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check that expected value of sets sets are present in a direct path .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  check   verifies
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find an image by name or name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all or a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to do a trace error handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove all packages from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove tenant .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot a image as a numpy array with a given size .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  setup   image
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base name of a fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   check

test:  use this to iterate over a string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search a list of the grains in the minion saltenv : none a specific file to find and return the absolute path to the container .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return weekly downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   update

test:  normal risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw byte string into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call that can be converted to the size of a terminal .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  sends   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  add the final path to sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  function   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  clean out which disk with host and password method is at least one .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a filename into a list of human-readable pairs .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token should be treated as invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  retrieves information about the specified package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   null
truth:  get   get

test:  loads a ctypes library .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test adding suggestion to a user .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  insert   user
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a model to the existing db .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the information for the passed dns tld tld sld of the authenticated authenticated user sld string sld of the domainname dns dns dns dns dns dns tld cli example:
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get configured capabilities of an http response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   cluster

test:  returns true if the system version is a valid version or of a specific version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add page .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the difference between the minion and the current configuration file for this minion .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  returns   domain
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  build a block diagonal from a block of matrices .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  transform   error
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw spm for spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  read   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  runs tests in the given test path .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  like   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get the translate matrix by one matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print the attenuation of a given matrix .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  prints   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  compute nth derivative of a scalar or scalar .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get all submodules of a specific module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  show all assets of a given zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  wrapper for a polynomial isreadable .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches all packages which meet the required facts file system : string name of the location of the file system to be rebooted : string name of the file system
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   facts
truth:  run   facter

test:  returns a string of vat .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download a resource from the given db .
truth: download a file . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot and take it in a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket portion of the bracket .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a test method with elemwise ufunc to raise notimplementederror if it isnt a subclass object .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  predefined   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with non-aligned .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   computation
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a sparse variable to a tensor if it cant be a sparse tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test rechunking can be labeled .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  squeeze nxn to convert item to height .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  multivariate   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that a mapping list of inverse values .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning spanning forest .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator for tests that require a deprecation warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes inner gcd from a pair of gcd .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl fill by the stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns x minus a 2-d array of n .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a name of the rest of a function .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   create
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transforms the same output of the first surface and returns a "generated .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   read
truth:  get   get

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   baby

test:  generate a file structure for the structure of devices devices .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check for git .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file into a python object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  behave   behave

test:  depending on a list of file topymodel .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the line graph for each edge in g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format warnings to a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  add the list of index page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  null   users
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a process with a given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  disable   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  given a local name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   users
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the cached options object to a file .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   n
truth:  list   list

test:  represent properties in a structured result .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  create   null
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a list of tuples .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given a heading .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   new
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return a service .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  only works on python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  modifies view for canonical floating point .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  create the ansible module if the ansible group has the given init .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  null   module
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that when provided a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  unquote a portion of a server-side string .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a listener for a specific node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   function
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  masks out values that corresponds to the system .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  normalize   build
truth:  make   null

test:  splits a sequence to a sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert array to array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  class decorator to set the implementation of closed closed .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  sample hi sample value for one sample value .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file this function will return the rarely file name of the group .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run a specific implementation command .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the receipt of a receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  reissues   null

test:  checks if a string is a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  checks the function for a given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  return samples as a file object .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that returns a method that should be routed for a method of the current request .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  needs: vul restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  to   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  use this function to create a temporary field that can use the old name to the identification field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  this function will return the system machine for a specified file .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   int
truth:  return   return

test:  callback for split_options .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  replace   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write files to rst_file_pth .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the minion to import a file as a python interface cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   tags
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message of standard normal log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  sends   msg
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   test
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets current response .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  null   get
truth:  send   send

test:  read a class/method from a file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   function

test:  return a users api client which will ecommerce to use when user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a trees in the given file with the given trees .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a group members group name from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shortcut
truth:  string   string

test:  converts a low-level enum to a file .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   code
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets windows data for windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  helper to decorate a function so timings will be executed .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns a string that represents a valid ascii string as its first argument .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of substring replaced with the argument removed .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a message indicating that the user has any topics .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  track   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the dns url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  prints   like
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return the instructions for a given providers[provider_name] implementation .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   in
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  behave behave functions .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that pauses authentication error handling .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  3- implementation of either patches or acks .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find out the next version of the given version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  used   find
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab a validating status .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   failure
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a previous path object .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a prototype for the routines that return a geometry value that return a geometry .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  given   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  return needed to swap things of two inputs of inputs and return the same result of two things .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  create   null
truth:  if   in

test:  returns true if obj can be serialized .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi formatting from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  strips   changes
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  return true if g is a biconnected .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  parse   cookies
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  format   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given the path of the module .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks for existence of alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate objects of generated objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return is_public intersection of filter filter that matches partial intersection .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   bool
truth:  include   include

test:  return a string with the error codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  null   use
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts a list of choices extracted from a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value into a valid string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  return   a
truth:  configured   null

test:  given a flavor list of alias requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  requests   get
truth:  get   get

test:  display a configured command output .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a searchparams to an searchparams query .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass defaults in configuration arguments to call defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable the animation of a stack trace .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  start   access
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a function of the first kind of a random permutation value .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if were bsd on bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  opens a campaign .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   default
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a blob to a string .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the exceptions creation of a video creation .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   create
truth:  add   a

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the response data from a jsonutils response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of a file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   output
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for user auth .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by request_id and id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  add two theano scalars to the end of x and y .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  run the temporary directory of a dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure we are created as expected by the db .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module by a dotted path and return the attribute/class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test method updates setup .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a list of columns in the order of columns .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  function   sort
truth:  format   items

test:  simple name of color(s) .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  simple non-unc test .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if a origin in a fits file .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a polynomial of the first chinese of a polynomial integer p .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  -   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require a group of a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks two consecutive objects between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random integer sequence of community sizes given a series of community counterparts .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  email   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a connectionconfig dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  work   pixel
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a community based on a dict of parameters .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  search   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset an index tree to a destination .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary of all templates names and their user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all the files found in the grouping .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  this method provides a dummy dummy implementation of the ccx which can be passed to the ccx function which come over the ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the data to the postgres server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  return   action
truth:  write   null

test:  view returning a user account .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  view   view

test:  cleanup the output of a file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  file   null
truth:  output   output

test:  parse a boolean value out of the argument .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  null   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given element to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a book resource that matches the options passed in .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a edit/new/list cost for applying a layer of the given layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with shape and returns it .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last focused focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the available ip sensors .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch an archive file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if the given object goes like at the given pattern .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  build a gitlab for api test .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  do   download
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input data for the "+" of the tokenization .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test :func:~behave spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version of the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stores items from the given model and returns them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse the parsed parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  split   split

test:  return the argument name where the callable was built .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  parse all linux documents as a dictionary of path .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  detects   null

test:  a simple test that generates a case for a abstract model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root root for variables .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  bins of intervals .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  fixture   threshold
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or more svd for a single svd .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the given name is a trailing reserved with the given trailing name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating the latest version of the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic growth a sound b .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  transform   y_in
truth:  note   note

test:  converts a camelcase string to its associated equivalent .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that a wheels failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call serially status of spawn .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  list   list

test:  quote unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  unpack   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess which interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate the population harmonic oscillator .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  file   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert data to a byte-string buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  evaluate the plugins in which the target_class object has been selected by the client .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  returns   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the command line logging that should occur when the user is run .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics for aws monitoring monitoring .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast encodes to truncate conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  function   fastq
truth:  null   helper

test:  hide a value from an instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  return   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check all dependencies of the given package .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  create   step
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices of the indices in iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for the *name* *name* .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a given 10-tuple .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a document .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  retrieve a connection to a package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  retrieve the next exploration ids of a user ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the salt minion .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  file   file
truth:  write   a

test:  given an artist or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  search   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  default package list .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  block   redirects
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator that yields a setup in setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  to   file
truth:  yield   path

test:  evaluate a test case to a unittest module using a given json .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   helper
truth:  process   process

test:  links to a resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a service that matches the given service .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  raises a heappop if it has a hexidecimal view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  if   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset keyboard components for a technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns true if a string is a valid python type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   find
truth:  function   function

test:  fancy logging for the program .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  track   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute frechet bessel function for t .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a text string to its corresponding unicode string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   string
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the hash name of the git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  given a specific argument passed as the condition .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  return   a

test:  extract dhcp configuration from querystring string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signed message dictionary .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  convert the real gridsize by the current thread in the real possible python 3 .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  expand   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output file .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if fname looks like a bad sentiment object .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option with dhcp options lookup .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  null   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create an in-memory verifier object .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  override the default implementation for tests .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   up
truth:  package   package

test:  update a system table .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders a template with context .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that fixture to return a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for handing of column elements of length n .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list active mounts for all active mounts cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  get a mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   get

test:  redirect to the current search for a project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  return   get
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  translates an identity key by its classes .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  returns   django
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a scenario and the result of the scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  null   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  balance a wikisyntax to the real object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage about successful .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  cached   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return greyscale local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the given code in a list of stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template for a given revision .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  build a project by identifying the path .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  motion the event with the source location and parse the input .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  scroll   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return the bounded path of a service .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a cache key with a string .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that dont turn any field matching a given message .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  renders the google cloud storage connection with an google cloud provider .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  create   create

test:  loads a file from a filename or a path .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  concatenate   returns
truth:  locate   a

test:  returns the first item in syndrome or odd .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  null   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext 5 .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   message
truth:  return   return

test:  create an sns resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  if a user has access to a profile .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a health pool for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  return   function
truth:  create   a

test:  given the response headers .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  allows   image
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action of a resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   error
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop for the loop into the y intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  save an input image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to set and computed computed of a topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  given   user
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given test module .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  colors to specify an ordereddict that builds the proxy .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  if   blocks
truth:  starts   null

test:  translates exception thrown by the exceptions all strings to a given translation .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  error   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  opens a python source file into an pprint .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  set the messages for the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  module   module

test:  marks the network on all the sequences of mounted using the density and appear appear .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get an instance of an existing trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie handler handler .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b handles multistringformfields suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends an messages to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  splitpasswd like subquery .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for cases for cases that use cases instead of typical distribution for cases in a linear layer .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   routing
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  assign a hash of text to a string .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts value to an integer .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  take the formats units to a binding; units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  convert a path to its operating format .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  give   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as a replication function .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assert that the http object returned by the given response is a direct server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  equivalent to :class:downloads3keyrecursively .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   use

test:  delete all configuration mode .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  endpoint   handles
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway detach .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  sst a source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the configuration .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   get
truth:  import   a

test:  a no-op function .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  perform   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the indexes of the indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  index   index
truth:  find   find

test:  create a new panel panel for a panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   column

test:  transform to a string suitable for inclusion in a field name .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  returns a standard float from a float value .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively collects all files in directory and all patterns in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image is less than the edge .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns the contents of a file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect whether the node list of node ips in the parent .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  backend   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  square a square value in a sequence .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  sokal-sneath -> int .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  check if a task is a classic callable .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  given a job of switch .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   null
truth:  starts   a

test:  inclusion rather for notes: slots .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the output of the all available vm cli example: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns program path or none .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   program
truth:  url   url

test:  convert normal examples to hec .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  to   function
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string into a message .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  link   helper
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   lx
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of all aaq languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  adds   null

test:  checks if we are running in our server .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for a process to be handled by assertion .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove removing dont use as a single ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  function   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports and return a json object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   try

test:  checks if categorical is a valid categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry decorator run if remote old-named .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  retry   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop all eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   try
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  search   a
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string without tags .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the default group of the named user cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  to   add
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of services that are enabled .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to return a list of postgresql files .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check if printing is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  merge two inversions objects .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  perform   headers
truth:  takes   null

test:  loads a theme plugins and returns a list of theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  activate the code requirements .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture which returns a temporary directory path to test .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a country code is leading by a leading calling code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the offset into a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns url of github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  construct   url
truth:  function   function

test:  given two pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap table definition is in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates or change the current user account with the email address and password .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   operation
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method for extension of pattern names .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   null

test:  event event manager that does not contain a media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the percentage of available temperature in degrees .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  decorator to mark a function to be profiled .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test that the figure creation server-side creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   nth
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a package if it is not already been not already exist .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  null   a
truth:  close   close

test:  get the split line string which split the character and split line to split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check sub functions parameters x: array-like returns fill_value : array-like input parameter .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  check if dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  starts tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  push a remote contents to a remote host .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  save   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that file can be instantiated .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  printing -> int list arguments: expr : expr a string in the case of expr .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a string to a list of plain text using the given value .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   function
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the center of allow unary to be completely by if an input value is true .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of available items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data parameters data : str the numpy value of the numpy array .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test case for all tests .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  turns a list of tuples into a set of text tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   fix
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a color of the graph g with the given color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  format   null
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  release   null
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  parse an ip address string to a unicode object .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  here x .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files changed for all files that are changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  include   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   versions
truth:  disable   null

test:  algorithm algorithm in **dictionary .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get an http head url .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   container
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing ratios ratios ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  url   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the name of the activation function by name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a urllib2 header and returns a corresponding one with three letter .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash given crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all datasets .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all of the node subscriptions parent of an user .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test for float inputs .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   asset
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   deviation

test:  ensure that a builtin port is deleted .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all denormalize .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  existing   output
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the arguments listed in the command-line arguments .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  null   create
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper to create a random color color with string only .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  add an autoyast value to the every portion of the struct object .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns stock info .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  null   document
truth:  null   null

test:  update the number of seconds in the database .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a compiler tag is valid .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  resolve the specified package name to the container name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolves   nodes
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable stdout and stderr output .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  be   print
truth:  enable   console

test:  wrapper for the _find_* .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  do   get
truth:  returns   dict

test:  view to do a run_pytest of a pem pem string .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  return   header
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns either the object or unicode string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a users relationship between user and user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the weight bound for a given number of points .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a join of an inner sequence .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  formstyle for a form of a table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that different numpy array input image can be converted to a numpy array .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore specific code and only if it failed to be followed .
truth: check if options . 
test:  url   python
truth:  if   check

test:  execute command using exit when the command was run .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  main section of the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  create   start
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses html and returns a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs pending scheduler and default scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image and rois within an image parameters im : rois to rois returns rois : ndarray .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  clear   features
truth:  project   image

test:  return the geometry name of the current machine .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  gets the multiplicities manager for this forked instance .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   a

test:  try to install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  returns an adapter certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user_id for the given user_id and user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  make   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the version of a beta version we are currently configured .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string of bytes to a time object: .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  parse   a

test:  plot evoked data using a gpus graph .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for cinder docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  align   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a thumbnail url if a thumbnail alias has been initialized .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  see   pull
truth:  return   return

test:  return the matrix to assign solving to their input type .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  reverse   get
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element by a target xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  transform the range of strings into their octet .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the c tags and get a simple html dict .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  server   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  get the difference between 0 and kron .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  using a signed *r* .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a timestamp to a json timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure no config file is changed .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle app .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  waits for a file to be skipped .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a string to an /usr/share/doc/ .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  for true/false .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is a independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports a class by its name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  convert dns line to list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes a random jitter of xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote data in plain text .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  sync   function
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the enumerator .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if we can add uniform or implement implement a custom uniform distribution .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the database as a list of color instances .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update all pairs of user objects for the latest version .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   callback
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc time string to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   time
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller @todo: fire data: field options .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  return the size of an image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  null   view
truth:  return   return

test:  title an http request to indicate that a workflow is well .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets fixed ips from a vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email email .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   user
truth:  change   users

test:  push a field onto a field .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete type delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected key for a single user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns a string .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  catch any parsing errors that might be sent to the model .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  exception   handler
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   change
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  return true if url of a url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  from a number of loss object a single loss object .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  define   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  projected is a list of strings to maintain a lets template .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  make   null
truth:  entries   entries

test:  return a single prefixed keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  value   null
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the terminal size and three .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  download a module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  skips a connection and return full rule if it fails .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   a
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the users names in the specified name .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes an attribute given an object as more type mapping .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return the filenames for the given file path .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the page is marked as a baseline function .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   flag
truth:  log   log

test:  permutes axes in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  vertical reconstruction on an edge should be a zero line .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a resource match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression expression expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a cipher using the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded data .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  works   utf-8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates list of available files in order to be loaded in order .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that a fuzzy project with a fuzzy extension .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   routine
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a container by the specified url .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  select its absolute version of two gru .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  some updates errors in a document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf to debconf questions for a particular user cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  list   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return the json id of a job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   product
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a single weighted matrix triples for the given template triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan a dict and all the keys in a dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a wsgi window registry for the window that can be locked .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change the default shell of the test suite .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  test transformations without issue sure the user give different from db .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a given header was set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr stats for the nodes of g .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a simple .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  append the compiler parameter to the insert statement .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   add
truth:  create   a

test:  try to find the zipline root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary from a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   a

test:  strips irc text .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  function   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup given roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize gettext message .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  resolves a resolves / add models to translate a database .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update manifest for when a given version has been updated .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event dict .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  randomly select one element in the tree of an entry in the tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  picks   command
truth:  replaces   a

test:  the opts configuration directory for the duration of the master .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file may contain media file .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current python version of the platform to display .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over a list of lists of length n times .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of interval config to be created .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   permissions
truth:  require   a

test:  return fiff_block_start memory usage of the virtual machines .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  time   length
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests that the suggestion cannot be added to a visualization .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  registers a first types of lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add pillar by pillar which pillar pillar .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if the address is throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a value to positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  converts   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the blocks of a process .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted mean of the weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in readable by adding non-breaking spaces where the first item of the strings were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if ini support support is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   check

test:  stringify configuration mode from service .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  form   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert any string to a standard normal packed string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  normalize   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add the last plugins menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a stack exists cli example: salt myminion name .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  waits for a certain method to be passed in .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  show   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks for admin neighbour .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   handler
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext using plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  text   a
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns urlparsed url for the given url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the specified virtual host dispatch should be attached to the given dispatch .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  return   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that the right distance between an array of icrs and a distance object .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  verify the only works with the given arguments .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  transform from _lambdify to training using rediss .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return either current format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  build   validation
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary of file name .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in one child node sets come out of parsing starting with one child .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a temporary file and writes it to a temporary file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   generic
truth:  like   like

test:  complete openid request object with openid dict .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  construct a code to the locale settings .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  patch discovery .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patch   pool
truth:  patches   patches

test:  require the sensor sensor code to be checked for numpy arrays .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer magic bytes in the current file obj .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  set   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   equivalent
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if a string contains only 0s .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a null-terminated bytes .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  normalize   description
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a function which returns an iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the result of an object by name .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  prints command list of command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  delete   command
truth:  help   help

test:  decorator that representative application classes into a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  turns   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a cookie .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a windows eventloop loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  colorize mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   testing
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary of options to a string .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  signal handler for django changes to the users settings .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the given image of all permissions .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns the stream factory for the filename .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the file sanity check for modified files in the cluster .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a web page for use with tests .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row of a row and returns the model dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot options .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  return   command
truth:  get   current

test:  returns an iterator over all functions .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path where a repo is in the given repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clears a control request .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  check   check

test:  create a mime_type .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  gets the count of an \\d+'else report .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean out the assets database from the current machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the argument name of the function for osr with the function .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  ensure no adding a list of adding the adding new url to the list of adding the current url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if obj is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check if an error is raised if the required class .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   computation
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default list of strings .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points to the floating css specification .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  patches   multiple
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a list of lines for the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   return
truth:  list   list

test:  download all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create an image instance .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in the configuration file .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  fetch all the spector events .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some flags .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test reading a tab extension from an empty tab .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  open   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using an scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  null   greyscale
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to one of the tag on the revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the stats of a bucket by fftconvolve .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse a unique converter id into a dict .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returning   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  to   end
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length of the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables which are in g .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  return the default openid dict .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  select   display
truth:  render   a

test:  get a file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter with the given banner .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a heappush frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  create   data
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  specified   remove

test:  handle / -> project slug .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 encoded data dir for the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all name in a apis that contain a given source .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  takes   filters
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns a list of messages required to be used in the session .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  return information about the smtp ip list for resolving connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  resets   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify we can create a class with a salt://<formula>/defaults of old-style .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  test   init
truth:  failed   null

test:  sets up a task by lag-polynomials information from the test case .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  store   store

test:  return a dict of all available queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   render
truth:  return   return

test:  we receive a function to force a custom server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return unique clause for a given column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  reverse the url for tests that require a wiki url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  private method to get the log transform from the input table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  null   query
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  use of pip test to get the pip wheel .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  calling   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a set of variables .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   add
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project has membersh memberships .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return combined values of the vms and their values or for a list of dicts: .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  print   list
truth:  return   return

test:  given a adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the wigner of two strings .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the username is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment model for the given model .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the coverage tree corresponding to the coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this method is to get a connection from the current request and return it .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins if this user has not been not exist .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  get the product of a dot by name .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx of a matrix .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first socket of the interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the norm of the row at axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   hack
truth:  null   parameters

test:  function used by :func:polib .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the model contains multiple primary primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  find a vm by its name and return it .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  find   function
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a dictionary from a distributed index .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation of distance between vectors and vm .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate thumbnails file .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes responses and signs if it receives attack times .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  checks whether two functions are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   fct
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check the user for request .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the output of a list of simpletables .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the request is running under the session .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a getmore makepatch table .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   paths
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a x .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file with the given lock name a file to be removed .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target set of etags is set in target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  match   use
truth:  test   test

test:  make a unicode string encoded using the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  require that the user has an admin role .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  return timestamp for possible into a unix timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  alignment   null
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form form into model instance instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   null
truth:  bound   bound

test:  given a method .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sine a sound of a sound 1 .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  returns a slice of html <= html chars .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filters the output of running tag and return their dict with all running services .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns true if the db already reusing .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification to registered notification .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  send   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  outputs a template tag for the given object .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a module into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   get
truth:  insert   insert

test:  rescore rescore problem for all students on a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  wraps djangos reverse url for use in http connections .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  downloads   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  expand an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if an objects is a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet sensor .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask dataframe by dd a dask this creates a dask by multiprocessing multiprocessing sockets .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a pickled object from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  gets the template for the template specified by the template name .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   get
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  take a number and return the number to randomly .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a carrier carrier graph that node: node: node: .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   render
truth:  return   return

test:  return the matrix where each column is a matrix of two consecutive .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for a method that takes a single argument to a method of the values .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  given a string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a module to a function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  process disk list of rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the given html with the moving statement and the other features .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  to   find
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed identifier for a text .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  maps keys in property to the given property value .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user for the named username .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value of a file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample given by taking the value at the given model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder defined in the placeholder config file .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate rst for rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a range of one instance currently vms in a given cluster .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ping /etc/hostname .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  like   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  set   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  ensures that the intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to the configured notification driver .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return which level name is a string .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the harmonic mean of memmap of memmap value .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   settings
truth:  view   view

test:  return the ith order of x in y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path as a pathname .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for above above configuration changes .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris image of a harris image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a file size and returns a human-readable version representation .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  monkey-patch some useful headers and adds some headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return s if s is a dns string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  append   append

test:  returns stock rate between stock and stock stock .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  verbose   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set all resources for quota validates .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a successful dict of the response object and converts it to a response object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  there exists in to insert .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the shell commands platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text set pending searching for the job .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over a range of equal to filter .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets the list of users corresponding to the given user_ids and value .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a message result .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve the admin pids of a pid server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all [x]html of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  iterate   generate
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check a tuple for a column and throws a tuple with it .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  -   null
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity specificity with binary binary binary layout .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort a string for sorting a list of strings .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  inverse hyperbolic etcd .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks the given is_active is a file in the current block .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  null   release
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence into a sequence of bytes .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  joins   verifies
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the existing colors from the text output .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate the directory containing all nodes and their proper directories .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  we want to copy all functions that we are l1s .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether proxy is being monitored by proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  add   a

test:  default stats for displays a list of strings .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the media .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a cookie that sets the environment variable and redirects to the current cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  only run the next data if values needs to present .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   handler
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse and return the resource error .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns an open buckets in the sample .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data from the xml file and returns a dict .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display all active requests for a user .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   in
truth:  display   a

test:  internal method to check the mysql version of twisted .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  code that runs on the package .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a javascript value appropriate for the pass pass in javascript code .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the file in case of properties .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  asserts that the given message name is a multipart extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if and is the http upgrade hack .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  match   match

test:  look up serializer for classes using the class as defined in both the database and optionally its classes .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  read weights from a model object .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  print   null
truth:  show   show

test:  associate django with the given user .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return a currently active object with a given object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given an array of data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write contents of a given file using supplied file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator to make a function automatically run a test if two callable calls the producing decorator .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model passed in is supported by the linear module and validation .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validates   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  add the stroke point to a list of unicode strings .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   user
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   group
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the case of properties .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  called   date
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  run the signature of a boolean .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  helper method for taking pylint on :py:func:_parse_step_log()) .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if current user is google .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  ssh   db
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a single user_id for a single user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement item to select .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  select   elements

test:  a demonstration of the graph for various types .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  null   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to an encoder .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  get changed languages since last sync .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   languages

test:  converts a list of items into a tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  run a task hook and return its name .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current import import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the icondata for folder .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a qpointf by applying a text to each object .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  call   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  complex kernel function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   op
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expands any string into one or more serializable .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark a function as an api .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files into a single libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats to log stats .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  grabs   attempts
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to a2enmod .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  launch   runs
truth:  command   command

test:  check that distances are loaded on a system .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  time   current
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string corresponding to the <name> .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  given a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test that you cant add a bad tm .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  do   hypervisors
truth:  null   tm

test:  a simple pickled to get the url of a particular repository .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the adapter name of the astropy address or network adapter if it is not found .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  translate a trace to a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no rules excluded .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  replace any object .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  if   python
truth:  return   a

test:  set quay for given quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  list   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  convert a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   set
truth:  get   get

test:  measure score of array-like loss function .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  run   score
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host name .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a list of sitelinks used by a given campaign via a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the head part of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this function will import a list of all the available paths of the given module tries to find the full path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  default function for rendering rendering the templates as a direct template tag .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return a list of all available package names .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the credentials are admin on target using admin api .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  assert   context
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default tensor containing a layer by first layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of all instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view all items by type .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image and color onto the specified canvas .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  to   null

test:  find all the gating milestones for a given gated_content_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_item : enum_item .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  obtain root changes from the s3 system .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  access   packages
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  creates appropriate warnings if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  using the web api .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  null   a
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the version of the environment variable .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  override   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  switch to insert events .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  finds the process that resource currently registered in the process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience function for always return array of elements .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  create   print
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given number of points to a specified rank .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  split   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that a snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns a frequency response with the given 'stats .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  take   a
truth:  value   value

test:  given the image points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  checks that the current unit changes are configured .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ?library_id=<default the list of tables in a list of tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  list   use
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return an httpresponse with a given entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a given integer from token to a human readable integer .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches specific cluster .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree walk with callback .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the list of items before the value is false .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  mock version of pythons urllib .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two indented feature references to a sequenceexample .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  permanently delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   delete
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access for flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   flavor
truth:  given   add

test:  decorator which adds a thread to the given thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of package resources from the package containing the package directories .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised unicode representation of si .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  get y y value from four timedelta .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling policy for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri into a tuple of uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  convert   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map the given relation type to a string using the shared type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  config   function
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the site-packages directory .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the current unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare up the system and convert the system to a comand .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  fix   letsencrypt
truth:  download   software

test:  delete kwargs['resource ip address .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the container name of the container .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return big-endian .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  decodes   euclidean
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  ensure correct open is retrieved when the response doesnt exist .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  input   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  server   server

test:  filters all duplicates .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a date/time format string to a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   status

test:  gets the attributes of an object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  if   value
truth:  get   get

test:  shows the problem_weighted_score_changed page for a student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  transforms   target
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over a command .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  change   list
truth:  context   manager

test:  nltks a .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  null   *

test:  this is a proxy function used to check if guest .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   current

test:  copies a piece of files into a temporary mv .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   a

test:  view to your ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  remove unused images from a cache .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   delete
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   shortcut
truth:  function   function

test:  configure the current instance to run the command line .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   pull
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request or an httplib object .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   a

test:  similar to pythons instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  processing   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the bfs tree in the graph g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  return   format
truth:  format   format

test:  wait for all active recapitalizes to take into account .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  take   a

test:  change the default group of the port to which a given port is configured as a certificate .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  null   a

test:  validates because of values after the given scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the results which are multiple of the tree .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  use of completion test .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  used   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  move the current line to the current process .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  joins   move
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  set the expire for the password .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  legacy: not have a user .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   accepts
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the linode attribute of a user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get next loop for a loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  stopped   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the distance between two points .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git repository from a git url which is not installed .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  null   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only the channels in channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  stores unified diff of text .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  output   search
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a yet palette from the provided color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from a cubehelix palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency as connected currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  get   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an api failed .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  turns the oauth token info and returns a dictionary of oauth info .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a url for a stable url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  dry: matching the named service is enabled to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  to   check

test:  extract a list of all available services .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new empty shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of the first kind of the second n .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   render
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the data from a mercurial text file system .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  calls   attempts
truth:  check   a

test:  remove any single tap brew by referred .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   one
truth:  removes   a

test:  open a file url for reading and returns the open image .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  load   images

test:  prints all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  marks a deprecation decorator as streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  shortcut   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a repository mirror to the remote command-line .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  process   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  makes a link relationship .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  ajax handler for azure .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  grab   handler
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new unit .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  detects configuration file and use git checkout .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  get   nginx

test:  receive the rfxtrx events .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of model instances .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take a dictionary of dicts and merge them to a single newline .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  set   set

test:  checks the file in the current working file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the last line of a file .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  process sending lines of another job completion .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all methods which have access to the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return a doctest for a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  function   tpstats
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  given   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check if a container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the plugin has the permission for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute prior to given prior .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert a value to a string .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns all the pages in the template .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  to   configures
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task object by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers vcs handler for the provided vcs method .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate out the user .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  call   example
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi version is installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitize filename in the given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a datetime object to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   day

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   epoch
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate an array of samples that potentially composite a random string .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter service and returns the url .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove invalid characters from the given string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage for an additional property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number for negative number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  verify that a class is a class of cls .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for starting an http error .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  runs   point
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator that checks to see if the given function is not a valid attribute .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formstyle validation .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates a string of the total_users options for the rate metric we generate a list of expgenerator .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new brocade source code .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  return   routine
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a encryption object to a bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf of functions and return them of a nested functions .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a silly small function which returns the default filesystem for windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  is   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return mirror matrix to reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   alembic
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a given dict to a protobuf instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value that evaluates a trailing half of the given string .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a dictionary of arguments .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  blended transform as indexes of len(x) examples .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads image shape .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the given string is a valid encoded .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  return   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a backend that would be complete .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   hook
truth:  url   url

test:  main function for the application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - could be used for map show version @todo: create mobile mobile sizes .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  file   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  generate a new id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that all editable to create a list with a database object .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  checks to see if cuda is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   set
truth:  used   function

test:  given a page target by "{sport_slug}/athletes/{athlete_slug}/" and a page to load cannot be placed in backslash .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   one

test:  function to figure out a finder description for a path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if a sequence is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic light platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns the inverse of a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a query for the "performance" module .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for creating entity change .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim events to existing channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  decodes   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  returns label with regions locks .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  convert a dns line of text to keyset .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build python code string to make it code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  run a shell command on a given executable .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  match   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays the display options for each options in the table and fetches the tuple of options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  print   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case with upload segments and upload an exception .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  ensure   launch
truth:  model   a

test:  return the filename given its train .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  given a list of default answers and a list of states .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a test cases that maps given aws providers cases .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test io labels .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  io   label
truth:  io   io

test:  factory function for making a simple union for a given target .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a kegg format file in jaspar formats .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path for the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a comp .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory userstory representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  move   move

test:  no operation .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  evaluate   matplotlib
truth:  null   docs

test:  returns true if a is not a string .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from a structure .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  given a string for use in a url .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  raises the module if it isnt already exists .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  make   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create a user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two errors in a dot file equal to equal them .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the user has permission permissions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  compares arguments to make sure the given configuration is a unedited template .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  returns   representation
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects form view make a project as a form .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  default   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a blobs acl for the given user and exists .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  display a media request object .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   media

test:  given an integer .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the base directory where the project is located .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the versioned hmac secret body of the given secret .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the request into a real data structure .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  search   code
truth:  parse   a

test:  get change summary of the model summary which are ordered by the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   dummy
truth:  generate   a

test:  indicate that we are using stdout .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  return   context
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration comparator to delegates color function for a set of points .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds the numbers of a given array .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file and return a dictionary of all spaces spaces .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute an rsa by using the given number of samples .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon class to the given css file .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   a

test:  run command using stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return a call to indicate that the environment is using environments .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function takes a search results and returns a search results which every object of the search results .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convenience wrapper for creating a url and checks whether it is a database .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test imports .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt cloud storage .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   null
truth:  call   call

test:  parse a date object into a time aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  file   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of directories for a file: of the same hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get system seconds that are stored within system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume uuid by uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from a data object .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name of the repository repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  log and return theano data .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  request   map
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo text .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   solve
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a deferred which fires with the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  adds information about the enrollment attributes for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   enrollment
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until a server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector use url_for to find an xml build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  renders the fake fake template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   try
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificates for certificate in given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  -   metadata
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  delete   copy
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of all the test tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears all plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads a rendition for the uploads instance of the file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a name to a string name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from a database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  selected   network
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the conditional formatting file at a given worksheet .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows a function to enforce a function to enforce a function to call the position of a single test case .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  test   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a function as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports a class from the alias for the given alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   class

test:  find maximum of maximum single-commodity of s .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  find   a

test:  find the destination of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  register   waits
truth:  return   a

test:  test that otherwise .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  download a new disk data from a virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  time   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance and optionally a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  we generate a source file for each of the known dev .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a task input and a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  required   key
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a properly format string .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a figure with a given use_gridspec on a single axis .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare the function by disconnecting it with a given function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  partially area under the area of a sound function .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   area

test:  step result of 2x2 calls .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   test
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a fuse pair to prime to dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  retrieve   filters
truth:  null   null

test:  return the port for the current cluster by the template context .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  move to history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates and returns a human-readable changes to the launchpad bokeh object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the output for the given jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initializes the global tiles object .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  return the given html with all the > > " .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes role from switch .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an appropriate token when creating a trust text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  function   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global pytz ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a namespace string or file-like object into a tree object .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for the given language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that a table round trip when creating a single table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  test   test
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a soundcloud class from a string including a class .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  import   a

test:  train a single cached state for a mlp .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   calls
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems that are supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the color name .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for shipping billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   build
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are equal as equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return timestamp in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   system

test:  converts an object into an application usage .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  function   dictionary
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate binary data to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  file   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that logs a time of another time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  yield   signals
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a new url-safe counter .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds an http credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  sort the given version of strings in the list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps dumps headers into json representation of like javascript code .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a list of strings .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns the configuration name for a specific configuration name .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the host provided in the ansible raise an additional if the host is allowed to be resolved .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  force state of the boundcolumns .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   status

test:  parses a querystring number for a message header .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the configuration file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a policy for the specified target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the value of the procedure text by the procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack -> string convert a numpy array of bytes into a string of lanczos .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for the given pairs of each pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build html document for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  prints   email
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature using its images args: feature : the feature to install feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  fail if the value is an integer .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  tries to connect to the pci ifname .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim a front of the marathon texture .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name for a script by name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds a string representing an integer .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  make   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   f
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a list of fallback locales found in the locale .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the corresponding hits hits for the test id .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  runs   set
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the standard css name with the css standard .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a number of exact extensions .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  casts the flags in the input string into a flags of the form .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the url of the comment that matches a given comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  translate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from color to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this waits for parallel and checks if we are pickle to pickle .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   response
truth:  run   a

test:  function to create the functions with functions which doesnt yet yet be it .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of objects matching the graph objects .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  list   null
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to set shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  access   access

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that encodings works with non-prettified encodings in the system .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   files
truth:  null   null

test:  view for signin form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the rectified mean squared product of two sets of a function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   resources
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all template matching a product matches .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dry rgb values with the given values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  given   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  works on a path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  ignore   create
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   generate
truth:  text   text

test:  return a system url for each 'remove menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns an absolute url for a resource .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to a file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   convert
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  sets   exception
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all kb info for a kb kb url .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get all or more linked linked to a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a json dict to a list of dicts .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory using custom parent directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  null   a
truth:  require   a

test:  merge a complex index into a string .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  convert   implements
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   function
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a simple test variable .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns a specific object for an object or property .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain a token from the api service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator parses environment variables to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   root
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the system neighbors of a graph using len() uses neighbor .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  algorithm   server
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  list all list available event events .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms stats for nvidia .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  an interface to return an active database object .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  deactivate   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse a gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  write   a

test:  retrieves all children of the given lti for the given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests timezone are just iso8601 formatted for contributors .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  null   test
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model portion of a portion of an model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the harmonic response sections of sos sections parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links for a document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  -   a
truth:  share   share

test:  checks if any of the tuples are validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  replace   template
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if the given string has a controlling comment .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an http symbol by its name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  resolves   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  perform a binary search of the full system using old login function .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  checks if an image id is a valid image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a forward forward introduced for the given expression .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all possible pairs of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  yields   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return value from a configuration variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  parse   inspect
truth:  use   a

test:  start a test .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> true/false .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  null   download
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of an object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  create a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named function name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   matching
truth:  function   function

test:  return a mask which fires with a pg8000 replacement for sending .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  password   function
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given a python object .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if a process with a process shutdown .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  generate unbuckle basis for the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   space

test:  url existing argument parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  keeps   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class that turns on an interface into a decorator of threaded threaded .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  text   null
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort a single function using the values in a sorted list .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translates a title name to a length by name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path with only the points inside the loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  simple method to check the local salt for known salt cloud using the specified salt module .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   tests

test:  checks if the identity identity is a queue for the queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  store   a

test:  repeat arrays along an stride .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  create   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return & be stripped .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  replace   esc
truth:  null   null

test:  submits a task to generate a task containing information about tasks .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   request
truth:  null   method

test:  run a function and retry it if it failed errors .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a real url because it contains a real real and so that it can safely be considered as well as a real and so
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  using   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a boolean depending on whether the multiprocessing given .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add data to chunksize a list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  insert   settings
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a standard response for a subscription .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around callable that works ok .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary to a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  used   reverse
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  format   format

test:  return a service options to use .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return a predicate which is true entries of iterable pred .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return a multivariate tuple of a in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a general network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  ensure we have a ca folder and dir .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  callback for removing signals .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  obtain the service name from the service config file cli example: .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  given a number t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password using the encoded password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container name for a object .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  test   train
truth:  using   train

test:  marks the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a formatted time id from a token .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv of a mixture by name .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  convert a string to a null-terminated int .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   linear
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   read
truth:  gets   null

test:  cast list of tuples to json .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  null   a
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension of a given extension type based on its extension .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  compare the query and returns a record .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  null   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the oslo_config classes for this specific removes all the available plugins .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  run   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  given each sample of agreement as specified by seqs .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of certificate from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains only columns of a str .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk size .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a driver function with the right values of a fixed type .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  force django message to be "mobile" .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  email   email

test:  default retrlines callback to print output .
truth: prints b . 
test:  print   runs
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes an adapter request to a string .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  run   question
truth:  make   null

test:  computes the set of guesses for a set of arguments .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal significant significant .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new key input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert a correct numpy array to list of matrices .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> str resolve the expression evaluation using a string .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  null   const

test:  private function used to compute predictions within a job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of sepcified kind .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  private method for the axis==0: value of a given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   *
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  tests that a matrix of partial slices are correctly overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  overlap   filter
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert html text in a html by ip it to the html applications that is used in the html case .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   symbols
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a virtual server from the system .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a 64-bit integer into an integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   decorator
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the specified api patch .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fftsurr and return a window which is positive .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list the available package available for this minion cli example: .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  writes   error
truth:  error   error

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or regex .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validates   value
truth:  value   value

test:  orientation an image and return any cleanup .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  converts   images
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  highest site has a stable or class .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   a

test:  create a dynamic dynamic instance .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pull   use
truth:  pushing   a

test:  render a js html snippet into the list of arguments .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  construct   render
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon size of a pokemon inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  update the custom differs hash object .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite two univariate polynomials in f .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  rewrite   polynomials
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the tpot version of a standard distance runs out of a standard distance .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  make sure the given message is loaded .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and parse a valid date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a feed prefix into a string for display .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  build   build

test:  just like "session" .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a send loop which will be used to audio audio .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  allow for serial .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  add   point
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   system_controls
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a user about their email address .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the trimmed value of the mean of the real 'fraction' .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all defined virtual record .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of all the available user .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister a value in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test whether g is a proper column matrix .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build a text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that the task has no validation errors .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   error
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks a get-like using a dict of the returned text .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to create a bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  return   username
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator to mark a function as test a tag .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  register   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse fk4 statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  null   call
truth:  string   string

test:  gets the search task by name .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  works   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs and dirs and dirs them as and dirs are html .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initializes the vm handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns number of fields of the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert dict or unicode tuples to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  executes the notification event .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  extend   in
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their trash when they were sorted a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  try import a module given a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical from distances between dist and vectors .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  return   return

test:  serve a returnqs dispatch server address or uri .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  loads a list of images from a apple file .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a querydict with a set of attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  process a notification notification request .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model from model_file_name and return the certificate model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a list of int .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   factory
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  this method returns the current request object .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  sets default pcap behavior to use .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs a vcs requirement fails with a vcs requirement .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get incoming shape from incoming if it exists .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  return   folder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to import json object .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  output   null
truth:  import   a

test:  set the value of all parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  module   module

test:  build a configuration dict for the profile configuration .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  clone() is assets that isnt xmin in format .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   html

test:  coerces a console keys with a dictionary containing the proper casing .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   keys
truth:  coerces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  find   use
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts an encrypted string using the given key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file system .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  encode a dictionary into a string using the nonstandard .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  account   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  fetches the commit message for the suggestion object .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  various solutions .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  function   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a record from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a mapping of a list of unique values .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if we want to use a random driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  compares each row and return a dictionary with all usernames keys for each user .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml schema against the given target .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a dataset_id from a blockdevice_id of volume .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series passed in the series/index provided .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the keystone database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the password of the user the password to remove the user to connect as
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current title to use with a custom api .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a text key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a query object .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  move the input stream down the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces union union of a bytestring with its utf-8 full width double payload .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  union   description
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get servers *s* which can be safely safely needs a client .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  look up an api handler for api call .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start debugging .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given list of files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  display   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the custom images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  update an cache slug .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for status to be available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create a student input using a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx of a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   keys
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   split
truth:  given   a

test:  expands up where and return a string containing the resulting string .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  reads   method
truth:  function   function

test:  turn an image device into a list of format .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return the components of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a random string with random chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to run a test if a path should be ignored .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   searches
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse the partition header string in the form prediction .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  transform an expression to a sympy expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a human readable version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  null   release
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts code to integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit header string into a commit range .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a geojson map for a imap entry .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  return all possible functions in a list .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  transform   order
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a cabal package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header usable by the database .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  build   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  acquire and validate the settings in settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  function   settings
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from sender of an event .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  server   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert two elements of the form .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a pool that parses the audio file and processes that has been marked as their .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the cached location .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get vector3 by point number .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  we fail fail to active server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   windows

test:  private function used to compute mutual info .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  to   data
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number for each line in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  a simple example of the second distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  support   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a random integer within a random string .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file of name from a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  run   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json iterator to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is arbitrary .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test that passing image type into html attributes .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  print   render
truth:  test   image

test:  list currently installed zones zones :return: a list of kernel zones :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  return   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  create a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a single header line of quoted-printable ''pos text .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether a validator of fields are different of the order of the validator of the list of fields of fields of fields of fields of fields of each validator
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle printing a single exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  block   exception
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  given a course_key .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  create   null
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  iterator over all lines of csv files which are csv by a csv .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the metric whose field is currently installed on the body: .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of files which have been wdir .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the hyperbolic inverse of a function .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write a complete file to a temporary location .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the value of the service import service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  imports   certificate
truth:  get   a

test:  return configuration name .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate a 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the list of permutations of all chunks in the given list with chunks as a list of chunks :arg .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data sets using a matrix indicating that it returns a new ratio of the input .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   derivative
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for parameterized test driver of the command line options set to true .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of the texture collector with the given problem .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  null   prefixes
truth:  null   null

test:  collapse help page of page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation translations into a csv file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  file   null
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   get
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr conjugates .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  parse snowball style line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state object .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  save a file to a store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load python module from its name .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary of the elements found in settings .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  load a list of handlers and return a list of all python modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simple html link to a list of features .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate simple localized events to make it usable by script .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  configures   fasta
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute bounds for two degrees .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform single search in the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  behave   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts the content of a given language file from the user .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a known set of execution instances .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a jose private key and return it as a pem key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  wrapper around fallback to get a humanize .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  format   date

test:  generates and write the command of appropriate command into a dict of tag names .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a single notification parameter and returns a list of requested info based on the host and pillar parameter .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate the current locale by reported .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translate   function
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns a color of data with qcolor similar to the given bits .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  output   null
truth:  color   names

test:  given two assist .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a long integer to the associated long integer .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  executes a single oracle of a given oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if a specific package is installed cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to start a worker worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the sequence of opening elements of an array .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   sum
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the file system up to limit stack trace trace the limit to limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   status
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  turn a sample data into a string of the form .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a path to a cache registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   null
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for user requests .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute command in statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  pass   long
truth:  executes   a

test:  test the results of a bound object as bound .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of xblocks accessible to xblocks xblocks for all xblocks in the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  returns   gcd
truth:  raise   f

test:  checks user has access to .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  view   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a grid and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version from the process returns: version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that preserves only on a list of tuples .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   function
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a callback and a callback .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  start   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the topic type .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  butterworth digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about the given cosine i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the status for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  check for a set of an etag at once .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  function   function

test:  function that merges the kolmogorov-smirnov function and bincount instances .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  takes   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  decorator to login when a console status has been logged in console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  to   login

test:  cast python interpreter to bool .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  figure   source
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  try   a

test:  transform a sound file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  init   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   stackedblocks
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to the contract contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  page through the channel and start the rest framework .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   wrap
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a list of prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for demo unimplemented .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that the binary is valid .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display display values .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  display   a

test:  given a set of article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return array-likes or 0 if x is a binarize matrix in data .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure parameter value is a dict .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensure   default
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  generates a sequential string for a file by js a packidxlist and returns a text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes two rows of two rotations .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  null   a

test:  step note that the server is used .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  verifies   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given an entire configuration object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the system path to device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  called   paths
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for six methods .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given string like a unix byte .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  a factory to create a custom type for a given object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  show a lamp dict of devices .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  call   set
truth:  return   return

test:  add user account to redirect .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  click   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  creates   setup
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address for the request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull requests for a given project .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  version of p-th .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  instantiate and processes the template with something off .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a branching rule into a branching .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the most recent winning winning winning job .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  new form form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   group
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the argument is of a multiline enough limit .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command as a shell command .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if a given path/method type is valid .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value of an updated extrapolate type .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  to   kb
truth:  null   numeric

test:  returns the address or string of the address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a worker with vm start and timeout seconds .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  just like assertraisesregexp in the given object that raises an exception thrown by the given wraps wraps wraps the given object to any of the given object or thats thats
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return a unsightly tree for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a column table with sorted wrong marker .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   boolean
truth:  test   failure

test:  given a .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as raw object .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   function
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  using   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone from a master and remove all devices of a zone .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a type is a :class: type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value of a list with elements of the value followed by the argument .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run a function in an application .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a new dictionary with all of its tool each row is that x: the variable of the retract each variable .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  clear any lxc attributes from the pull pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  causes   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the given string looks like a python code .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  return absolute path to complete config file path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  file   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar ticklines .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  call   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a parent of programs and return it .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set the term of a given term .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  model   contents
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if cls is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a list of strings into a generator of bytes .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   strings

test:  copy a file descriptor to the master descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  file   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  project0 the en/tutorial/tutorial language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  converts a python qualified qualified to a file .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  default page by authenticated .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   a
truth:  null   events

test:  causes a flow from a file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a vlan_bindings quota value to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a length of the length of a given offset .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  given   length
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes for a given addon .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse them in a dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  used   find
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file to an s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of chunks in a dataset .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  encode image using programatically method .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  iterator   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named setting .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a value to a list of dicts .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add new account account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of mirror in a iterable .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  count   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  null   fr

test:  update the password of the new user .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  password   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that makes sure a single attribute has been decorated with a specific attribute .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set the global ui class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a brew brew text to the given path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an exception if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render final parameters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  return   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the specified package as an upgrade name the name of the package to search as a list of the right versions by which packages to search for all packages
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  return   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to the given color and kwargs as a string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file with the given name to a ca file with the given name .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the alternate descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  update   update

test:  add two loops into a list of complex .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list of attributes from the dictionary and list .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get file path to load a device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compares two strings and returns true if a constant is a constant .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  task time delete page page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  null   time
truth:  time   time

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the distribution function for a given distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise kernels of a gaussian kernels .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  filters   send
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all interfaces on the system .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a plan .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create an empty project .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a blob from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  use the getmtime call to check if the packages are available .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   gaussian
truth:  call   call

test:  if @authenticatordef is valid .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  function   view
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node or raise exception on the given node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  name   render
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a server_version_info .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for a instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a continuous path to a filesystem name .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the information of an attribute args: key : the path to the key file .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter result of a filter .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory already on an provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  deletes   one
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if config has changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort an ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   function
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the form of type assist .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a custom routes api calls with the plugin .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager to suppress django django django 1 .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  send a signal matching each of the given pattern with the given pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  list   null
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides a comment for the issue view .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node cli examples: .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer after the split line from the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a list of event handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  is   event
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the re-run response for a pair of combinations .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is a set of engine .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator given function .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the list of languages for the given type .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string to a lookup .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager that automatically handles keyerror .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source mapping .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  close   a

test:  gets the version string .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral bound to the given radius .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   row
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if a device matches the specified partition .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  match   null
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that dedicated works properly cant be "description": .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  moves files to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  create   reader
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json epics model representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters using http group params .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   parameters
truth:  set   set

test:  test that a range of scale variables is changed .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  change the first word of the python interpreters .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   numeric
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  imports a string based on a string value .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags of a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  initiate standby system .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  use weights to check the libcloud output of weights parameters n : int .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a metadata is a metadata of the group of the group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  like tornado .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   get
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if a user has access to the given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax script to the mathjax script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  git   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  clean up the module .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check if a given surface is present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates the directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from routing_path .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the gui .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  given the parent of the parent directory .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  pick   action
truth:  open   open

test:  disallow log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run the generic configuration file .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the list of lines from a list of lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page from a href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for decoding versions of decoding and make sure the response is installed .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  does   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   egg
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the two dictionaries are equivalent in the two dictionaries .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   up
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a named user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   user

test:  ensure that the parent directory exists .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the queue was turned with a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if the permission code has the given permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect modules without from __future__ w/ a list of comprehension modules .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  list   users
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a function that converts a value to a valid value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  read and return a mechanism .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   content
truth:  read   a

test:  warn of the registered agent .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that instantiates a unsafe error handling when not none .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  test   test

test:  reverse the reverse function for a theano entry .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the cached http cached http cached http header string .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of names of all registered vms on the beets .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  from issue build_ext build_ext tests .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a tuple to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  converts   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  given a subplot grid .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy one transcript to another .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  renames   null

test:  compute cuda int .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to set a docdict to all common elements of the document .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  associate   decorator
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  halt   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a variable of a builtin file containing associations .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  write   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a view view view for rendered resource variables .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that the review request is valid .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  end   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the started text from the file .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates the runner scenarios object for the given target scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute node nodes for an independent graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  flags a user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  trailing   configuration
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to follow another user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  download help help page .
truth: print help message . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  load a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return the current port for a given port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  return   monitor
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function which provides a dict of attributes for the attributes .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return framework framework or empty network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to determine if the relative distance distance uses decorated .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  null   coil
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get all flavor access for flavor access list .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  gets the set of api from a statement .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  gets   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator which makes a temporary directory with a given directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  transform   add
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies that enforces view function so that it is only .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  view   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the matrix exponential using a dense matrix .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track a new .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  send   eventlet
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the bridge and index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  index   index

test:  decodes a base64 encoded hex string to hex encoding .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  list all users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   users

test:  take node class names and adds them to the global variable .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   default
truth:  typing   null

test:  return a randomly generated random number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  complete coursetalk sites sites sites .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  download   a
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form for a job that matches related to display .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  decorate a test function that may be profiled .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function with a single argument .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts all dependencies of the given list of reg .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a function to create and return a result .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  file   user
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upload media file or directory of media method .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  make the given directory or filename matches pat .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  find   element

test:  input a type or iter and an argument to iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  out-edge our timestamp in 1 .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that yields a sequence of entry info for each entry .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate a list of unknown statuses for all unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph that results between all node sets in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  seconds   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach tags to each object of a given object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  creates a **all object for the members of the test object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a dictionary of the migration metadata for the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  function for creating a polynomial of the polynomial modulo .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install setuptools setuptools .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  list   monitor
truth:  install   install

test:  run the admin signal handler .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  null   file
truth:  expected   null

test:  compat for testing with previous @with_app decorator .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote to a list if x is a list of numbers .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check the field of given string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of filtering filtering of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update orderline configuration in the [hdfs] define region .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  replace   default
truth:  help   help

test:  return the common dict representation of a common type .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   items

test:  single-letter single-letter evaluate user and load it .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string or unicode object .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a simple memoize given the indicated function .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set up the function to use only .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  use   use

test:  simple html of s6 .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  render   null
truth:  return   html

test:  sorts messages that chooses into a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory located in a given directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   sys
truth:  search   search

test:  used by the resolved url and set the frequency packs .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   redirect
truth:  displays   null

test:  scale image to be images with the specified quality .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  identify   one
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis :return: list of requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the global logging configuration file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet decimal using default default openpyxl .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  register a lambda function for the given "padding" type .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  notify   element
truth:  start   a

test:  format the runtime-editable server list from uwsgi .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a graftpoints dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a valid config .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  fetch routes for all doctypes in given field .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  membership of admin models .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   handler

test:  return a naive version of a timestamp in a time that naive naive .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   current
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the byte code code of unicode code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  evaluate   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck use rundeck instead of rundeck .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   xvfb
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the object has an attribute of the given name .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the standard team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a string which can be bytes or a filesystem .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  converts   disk
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a global namespace .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the storage metrics for the metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   return
truth:  change   change

test:  return list of string modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  put the windows only if successful .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate possible user id for the passed user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click a fake transform button and and make a canvas .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  func   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  to   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find nt match for nt indices in nt order .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic server for a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a nick to a database .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   configuration
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  runs homebrew modules cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  pass   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step for im2 .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  given a symmetric table of text lines .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  get   values

test:  return titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves model information to a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  null   a
truth:  model   model

test:  parse a string into a python object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   json

test:  create a new account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  call   call

test:  create a google national number of national national number by the passed number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  format   build
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for the range as a string .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a boolean if given name is a valid regexp name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  attribute   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon download totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   collections
truth:  update   update

test:  check list of issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  compares   in
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test conversion of shape .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send the response with an registration notice .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a configuration from a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   works
truth:  install   a

test:  returns whether test microversion in test microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  null   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes of shape .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  flags a student generating generating either skip or skip a particular entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  null   info
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run a given model in the given model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter formatter as a string representation .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   move
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return the power of the relationship between x and text .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  block   null
truth:  null   basis

test:  make a function to mul .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list all objects a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  start watching a tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of chocolatey to use when we cant search paths .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a row of unifrac-like .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  null   data
truth:  make   a

test:  write the string html to html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  file   content
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate events and events as indexes .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks that the given value of bools is a valid column .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point along the intermediate along a single begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  media-ranges 47 configuration parameters .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay with a template name .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  shallow copy with one header variables .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  create   running
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  null   function
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension of an ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend associated with the given name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client contents of the mogilefs file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  called   null

test:  effect size of a reduced effect of time .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   length

test:  remove the request from the given argument .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  used   function
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the request data from a course_key request and a course_key response .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  builds   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   highstate
truth:  set   up

test:  return an hsu for the named distribution .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  list   null
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr minus expr | expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string from a token into a python int .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert numpy array to old .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only works on unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a log sample function for each sample energy .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  undo the given image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  replaces   set
truth:  chop   chop

test:  use this decorator to check if the policy passed via the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that the serviceprovider argument list has a standard header header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  initialize   axis
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  completely translates an array .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a string representing an image object .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a 5 from one rank to the nearest aqua .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list policies policies by key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of the repository attributes .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that makes sure the gating gating gating gating .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  function to generate the metric table for the start .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if obj has a database method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  open file thru oauth2 for junction .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes a full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  assemble option names into a mapping of option names .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to a list of address .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a short command to generate a git command for the current git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the content-type from a python file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  given   response
truth:  extract   json

test:  topologically extension in composite format that will be used in the given clauseelement .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a given image file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   file
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the network state for a vlan .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy copy of all related operation which have been related .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  translates   fill
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm in ascending order .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   fill
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent a block of text lines by prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts the input xml to a string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  null   user

test:  check for json activity stats of all md5sum modules .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a remote servicepair that uses tests .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the os is available .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  detect   file
truth:  if   null

test:  return strides of a strides of f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle display until the hard display sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a url string from a slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  private function of allow functions of f to compute forward forward a normal function .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  strip   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a globally .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   map
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a file .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   code
truth:  copy   a

test:  converts the type of array to disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  assist in a dictionary by value .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  int   in
truth:  push   element

test:  configure the fingerprint of a acoustid file to go patterns_path fingerprint .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  writes   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  plan rechunk that appear within a graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a new role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find all the directories to exist in a directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  file   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict of prevents into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   new
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given html .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  a function which launches a name in a get_pkg_data_filename .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns a random graph using the given token .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine whether there are no assumes that we cant have a portion of a sufficient sufficient sufficient .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  get all packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  file   null
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  format data to a utc query string .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of all visible courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute g and map of length polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  create   create
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a sql query using the passed hash and update hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep without blocking the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   sleep
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  run   application
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attributes of the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  string   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing the id of the random state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv and runas the current versions of pyenv .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   set
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the global environment variable name .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   helper
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate spaces .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  wait   pick
truth:  null   null

test:  return set of status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  return   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests clrtype .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  converts   types
truth:  null   implementation

test:  mocks all pacifictime into a given axis for each axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  search   path
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a set of vertices for each model which have a subset of points points .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  null   function
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure we can compile functions with one re .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  verify   init
truth:  null   ^

test:  encode the colormap by setting a colormap object .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add the following state to the analysis queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  null   set
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return an iterator over expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  close   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  identify an sqlalchemy table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an empty media file descriptor object .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if python version of python is a python version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   up
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the google properly formatted for the given servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  policy and normalizes a method call gce .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  if   null

test:  format a datetime object into a datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an http url string .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  validate   a

test:  default updates index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   build
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default linelength works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks the error code returned via the function .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   null
truth:  error   error

test:  takes a list of master s to fill a list of dictionaries .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  bins   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load the spector header from singular bytes of a file-like object .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  take an resource dict and turn back into a sorted dict .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  block   filters
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all loaded test cases from a class instance .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the data for sparse data .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  outline description takes a scenario object .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   classes
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the search paths to python source file for a given app using the name of the given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   find

test:  check that initializing from a column of labels behaves a numpy array with labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  function   application
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css class names from the css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  inverse of h5py .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  unicode   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse matrices against sparse and different selector .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   cast
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  host   host

test:  update the configuration in ~/ with the provided configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  update   schema
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace any files in the output that are unique .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a request to post api calls .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  takes a list of fields and returns a dict of fields for the selected fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save original array as a string .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  code   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a base64-encoded string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a file with the given source to disk .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  source   a

test:  given a url string .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  given   url
truth:  url   url

test:  combine data from left with right components of data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html entities to boilerplate .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   function
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a build a list of dock that will create a file .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string that will be concrete in the one-line .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  register   attempts
truth:  text   text

test:  add parameters table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   database
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es template to specify a static template .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of tuples in a that are not in iterable iterable .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  a simple memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image with targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on set_subtensor .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a log license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  calculate the surface surface of a set of texture .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer value from a random integer .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that a target project cannot be added to a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  python2 python2 .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   command
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  duplicate   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and desired desired role to send to a replication role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts an xml element into a profilesfeed element .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() if stderr is a tty .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return numpy stata type for stata itemsize .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  converts   float
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures the current audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   module
truth:  configures   configures

test:  snippet the analytics analytics analytics .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  generates   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  compute the fprime score of input variables .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expands a column by given order and a proper order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   null

test:  iterate over the datastore info file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  returns   entities

test:  download the image from the current thread .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  return a parsed tree of the current tree in a tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  search   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates url .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  null   distribution
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a list of test names that contain a given test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  display   stop
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  check/normalize boolean values using the provided title .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after adding an arbitrary volume .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  for a given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of a given endpoint type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a utc datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter to return relevant tables .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the text of the first element matching the text specified by the argument .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the current version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of of for a mapping of mapping file .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit from xml document visit to html .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random element within a random state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  ensure   calculate
truth:  set   set

test:  gets all credit requests for a given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  -   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make a python source code has_prefix .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  verbose   time
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the maximum likelihood given the chronos code about the vhds given by the describe design design matrix .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  compute   compute

test:  writes debug data to js .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that should not return a geometry .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  underlying reporter components of designed for each value of the time series .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the user is visible .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run a child celery error .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  run   link
truth:  null   task

test:  returns an image of text urls contained within a string .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  link   link
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images that represent the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a system time to the current systems format .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get loops through a sorted through a sorted polygon .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute command using subprocess .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  to   users
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  current request .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  strongly implementation of coefs function for specifying y .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a navigation .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  give signs signs for a line containing marked before the current line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if a distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the *obj* of a symlink field value .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a binary image to a string .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout current timeout is named timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  set   effect
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for using a context manager .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict of all exploration exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read from the oauth data file and return its contents .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace the function in parallel .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create a new equity curve for the given curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for getting a fake filenames .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member selected group from the group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an image from a cifar file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  reads   null

test:  list databases configuration .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  list   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the directory to use for writing files .
truth: main function . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  function   function

test:  strip off the given string between and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  strips   function
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string from a buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a single grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  test   time
truth:  null   projection

test:  merge a simple dict and fills it with the overall keys .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence of two items .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  return   sort
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a reference implementation of standard implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default structure with the default deadline for the given credit .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  default   default

test:  view that handles a user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  view   view

test:  option value based on a flag .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a full config file name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the profiles directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger by removing all of the logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  kill   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  gets the default object to use for temporary object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add the last items between this queue to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  evaluate samples for the square root of a script .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  null   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical publish critical tool for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   desktop
truth:  null   null

test:  you can verify a module signed by the given database .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  view   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create the die standardized edge distribution .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  taken   example

test:  return the pattern pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  gets a list of within- and try to resolve the request .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key for a given lexical .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore specific number of missing values .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set schedule values for each form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   use
truth:  to   try

test:  cache of all objects of a tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get absolute path to empty home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for a specified module .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  return   network
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads libxml2 file and uncompress the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do some behavior of source files .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  null   script
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  like variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all the things prefixed by the given string .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  count the number of elements currently indexed as a matrix .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to set a single test to prevent atomic when a method is called .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return an md5 file hash cli example: .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  register   back
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the linear order coefficient for the built-in gcd .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  returns   directed
truth:  null   equations

test:  display text details .
truth: print this help . 
test:  -   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load a storage plugin and return a unique plugin containing a libcloud object .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that a specific number of country calling code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  obtain obtain module .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of quoted strings into nt terminals .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a django report for both the given configuration and a clean up to the required month and optionally a new month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as packed bytes .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a full fixture that maps the full keys in a parametrized fixture .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  displays an atom cli example: .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve a model reference from a resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a check for multiple indices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  splits   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed versions as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific type .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function that can be a sequence of two univariate functions .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  time   function
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the generated dirty is available .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  step   system
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string to a list .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   support
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the cluster used by the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   factory
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the variable according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  given a request headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  view   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the xml elements .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate translation counts for user email through group email .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all exercises that a user has completed a something=value .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get mongo application name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a function to generate a string for a whitelist .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert mapping of array groups to vector .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a mock function as tests .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of raw views for the specified resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of which the periodogram method is used to easily consists of the second value .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return configuration or none if organizations is enabled .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  juggle a triangular .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for vispy modules .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from a :class:fontkey .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path for a key file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  given a name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  align   return
truth:  input   input

test:  loads the hdulist mode .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  email   create
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made in effect of time zone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict containing all interfaces interfaces and their interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  name   list
truth:  provide   a

test:  request a view and require a resource .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see if the given power of a previous power of the given power of vector3s .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes a mapping definition by the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  given   session
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g in single-line format .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen status .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the module .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   supervisor
truth:  routes   routes

test:  create a movie file from a movie filename .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  multivariate normal cumulative distribution parameters obs : array .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   one

test:  override the predict of two strided .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dictionary representation of the sequence corresponding to a sequence of normalized keys .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize j matrix for a multivariate quadratic model .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  null   request
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field types .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  checked   create

test:  join -> string return a string of the string arr .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   options
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a help help help help function .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match connection options that checks if the vpc id has been set .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  null   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link identifiers identifiers to/from stroke stroke * kegg options identifiers identifiers database source_db_or_dbentries -- kegg database source_db_or_dbentries -- a kegg list of partition / values convert kegg httprequest httprequest
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  find   matching
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver backend cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  find all items in a list that are in the list provided .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site server .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  a decorator for methods that use the decorated function .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path of a file .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  update an autoscaler policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  function   a
truth:  update   update

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  default   connect
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all column of the column which generates a table with an array of column names .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  adds a worker manager to the output manager .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns list of names of communication for the client .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  request   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all the gpg keys in the gpg user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available data formats cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a custom space after the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hash for each type passed in y .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  adds   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints a list of enabling enabling enabling .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert a field to a derived organisation .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  assembles & public statistics of each surface in the glob .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a thread and either downloads or the current thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  push a node .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   push

test:  check if forum has forum access to this course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse metadata for a file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific @xfail 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tar filenames into backup file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  call   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 a sequence to copy it up to seq1 .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept a accept type wrapper as accept .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function which prints a list of files in the given directory .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  takes   run
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the preflow push .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the mac address to use with the given header code .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  find   load
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get incoming rate by name .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse the ancient plugin plugin into a python dictionary .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs a user avatar for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  run command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check reader for every db in the same audit as they were defined in the register_schema .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  builds   character
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  print a status message to stderr .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   like
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches the status of a process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make a single event .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   back
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that pathological cases do not bring a normalized error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging for all the loggers loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   use
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a warning .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   try
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an instance profile to a queue:: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of length of a national code .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the variable[conf platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   callback
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple task wrapper for documents that are documents using getattr api .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  build   task
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a rule to a specific file .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  put   put

test:  reorders a list of nodes by a given target .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  if   deploy
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel for use in redis tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   certificate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove place from the given existing ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this should be called by the thread .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   null
truth:  git   git

test:  rough and raise an exception if given context is raised .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt type of the virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   shim
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if id is an incompatible id string .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator to set a tagged method for a given value .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent to the database on a list of tasks .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  return   key
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  get a base64 signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the path to the directory of the pathname .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   null
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry output directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator of a sequence of sequences .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a simple paragraph of the given number .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns whether the object has processing permissions for other objects tries to be created using the current context .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for wrapping an instance to the method .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tries to simplify a common elements of a and returns the least common array .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   a

test:  betai() is a rational function .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  label   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume all images for an existing virtual host .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   function
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing that the output snippets show unicode snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   like
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a simple healthz view that returns an empty response .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a single file of the given mapping file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  things decorator for running things that ignores functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve file path for current file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests in dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces space character value value from the given openkeyex name .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  null   format
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of a user products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a function as an attribute of the given attribute .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  accepts   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  runs this method auxiliary auxiliary with given user_id .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send yaml yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  step   data
truth:  send   a

test:  common function to keep unpickling inputs .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a key function to check if it is a conditional .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  labeled   changes
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp parameters into a theano tensor .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  check   check

test:  test that erfa works with a structs __wrapped__ __wrapped__ should be ignored .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  producing   checks

test:  given an object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   style
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to revert task_state on a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  deprecated   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  install a traditional command .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a polnomial polynomial of the terms of the polynomial n .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  retrieve   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  formats all possible values for callback .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  delete one of the list of exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  build   exception
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a new handle with an input variable .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  is   a
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front over the loops in the given direction .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim worker for cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  results   build
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an html representation of the text output .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  make a directory .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  looks   one
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as a scenario and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenario
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks files files files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the given path into two theano level .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp as either a unix timestamp or a unix timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  verifies message logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  build   error
truth:  make   strings

test:  return an existing incoming request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception stanza from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  run all tests in a cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  setup   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  manage a user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  null   user
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests revision revision are normalized revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the cached file location .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  sample sample point for one sample sample using the sample sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  restore & restore a dictionary with the form values .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  download   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  when a shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  sets   undo
truth:  run   unittest

test:  evaluate an entry in a sparse way .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate the theme stats .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  file_input : intconstant | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a "canned" package object .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data from one storage to another .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  build function to convert a list of int to their "mail_client" .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  accepts a single example of input file and returns a batch of a batch of ns ns by /bin/sh .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses iso 8601 dates into a delimiter string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if chef is available .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a tuple with the figure and the rpc rpc link to the path .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze a tensor into a sequence of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  replace   read
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove all the one-line nodes from the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  generated   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  see if we can service a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  start   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the true for true if args passed .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a smtp interface cli example: .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  calculate infinite-medium magnetic for samples .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   add
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the rayleigh range of an imagenet coefficient .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  validates markdown of value to be used as markdown .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  text   text

test:  put one qt int to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  solve   calculate
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  splits a list into two integers .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  compares   items
truth:  block   block

test:  return an generator which is a generator of all bytes .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that distances are built correctly .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   github
truth:  check   check

test:  demean activation function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  return   x

test:  print the block of a block element to a given tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  docstring   imports
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied course urls for a given course .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   set
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a time using a user-supplied function .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  get a default column value from a column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get available roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   certificate
truth:  get   roles

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dictionary into a single string .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string if the given version of the project .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  grabs   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  if a screenshot is created when a screenshot is created .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  review   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add the date to an environment variable .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   query
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the result of a fits file .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  computes   nodes
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user name to a string .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  get   user
truth:  convert   user

test:  always use an url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended glob information about the proxy server .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python file into python source code .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  given a generator of data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  null   data
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  retrieves the manifest version of a stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  return   return
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the given method name .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore required database to json .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   variables
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   worker

test:  private method that gives the arguments of a given arguments to its key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  replace   in
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return the destination tab in a given point .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  delete   openssl
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  turns the course id into a string .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  given   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  show the script usage of a scripts and ensures that the workflow workflow is still imported .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  return   command
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a library library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  import a python source file and return its resulting version .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  code   code

test:  load a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  retrieve all disk partitions by name .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  array   array

test:  this function fixes the size of a given width .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  function   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns bgzf data as a generator of length data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  search for a file .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  file   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a list of sitelinks used by a given campaign via a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  give   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability version of the loglikelihood function .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  returns   probability
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a series of deprecated .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  use :meth:git .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  provides   join
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target using the a* algorithm in the containers .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the windows process and the traffic_server process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  hitmask -> int like 16-bit .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file from a template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  show   link
truth:  locate   null

test:  test that a positive url belongs to a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  look for a token as a token token .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  input   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  parse a string to render array .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim any existing subset of the given string .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate a function with a supplied accepted accepted accepted .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  add an atomic group to the tag .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check for determinism .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   version
truth:  output   output

test:  features must not cause scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a top down it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  wait for a specific command to appear .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  docstring   get
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a random integer array of items that are potentially .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete and verifies an item of the resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a string representing a socket on the given host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  power the virtual machine or the state of a vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  work   power
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an existing trace to an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  display a comment callback to retrieve a comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate the path to the webpack webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  find   join
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display a usage of only .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer uniquely .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert config file name to json format .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type type into a tuple of all the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media mime type of the media type and
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   print

test:  initializes a pathname .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create a perhaps from the fully qualified name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  opening format for print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the release release of a release file .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run interactive command if it starts with targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  package   sort
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a string and returns a list of strings .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  to   string
truth:  function   function

test:  return the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version string with the given version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  formats data to a string using the format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a minimum into two parts: parts: .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build a map of urls that are not a particular home page .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  map   null
truth:  given   a

test:  event: can be read from a file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a add product to the basket product for a basket and basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise an exception if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  raise   implementation
truth:  if   check

test:  takes a file and returns a dictionary .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a file with outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to a string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the flocker ccxcon ccxcon for questions .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   function
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the value of a factory script .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the cpu cpu cpu for which cpu name will be last modified cpu .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite value from a gaussian distribution .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   truncate
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  iteration_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  common code for the running auth add a single package to the applications database cli example: .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   env_vars
truth:  creates   null

test:  give the language data for the request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  override   set
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generate meas id for meas meas .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set up a simple text to use .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  to   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the set of headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes invalid encoding from the xml file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  file   read
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a leaf .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a boolean indicating whether an empty queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses progress html into tuple .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close a serial port for database .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  to   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   console
truth:  null   null

test:  decode a unicode string to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  incoming   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get version information about invalid status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get all groups for the provided instance mapping .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  iterate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string with the same format as the current time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   date
truth:  filter   filter

test:  gets a sigterm handler for a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  stops service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  restart   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  determines whether a module is installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states of states for all states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  do   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator factory function .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   parameters
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of a collection of strings .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the executor modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  render   render

test:  simple repository that was available if a repository doesnt exist .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | expr | expr le expr | expr ge expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invert all image bits into a n n n .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily get a string to xml output .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that makes a test if a user has allow author .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  calls the method provided with a view .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist or if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  redirect to github application extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return a list of power types which do a g .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  indices   find
truth:  get   get

test:  add a few warnings to the user .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a sympy integer to its improved .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  checks if we have a working directory .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze module .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   convenience
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  to   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return a conflict client for api methods .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  do   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  turns a trace object into a list of discussion settings for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a simple string or string of units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a n-queens version of the given lowcolor .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  determine if a hsu value is sensible .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return joint joint or x of a given type .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to contigous .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  text   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the most appropriate info page .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  load   formatted
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  compute the generalized generalized transforms of a matrix .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use the wrapped test to return an implementation of the connection .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  hack to keep optionparser from an application .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   class
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template string to a typeerror using the snippets modules .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a timestamp value to an integer .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list sinks in the sinks client .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a python date string to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test overlapping word from a list of word separated by a single space .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method returns either a request or a given request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a sorted order of a given reference .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  when time zone support is enabled .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   time
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find the first line of the given line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random api token .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if all attributes are present .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  attributes   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  unittest unittest for database .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by asn1 the grade surf surf to compute the grade action button .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines whether obj is a collection of instance .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  is   module
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup bloomsky component .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function returns a decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  create a deferred which will be visited by active when the constituent code is started .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  is   a
truth:  move   a

test:  reads out what items are documented in an documented database .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  equalize the epoch counts .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  null   base
truth:  equalize   null

test:  modify a container path which != != != .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence of the state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a resource of any filename in the specified repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if python-memcached is installed .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  turn on/off the csrf off off off off .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returned   rfc
truth:  given   a

test:  update existing aws websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  updates   unit
truth:  update   update

test:  return all items in baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  validates storage mode for all aggregated .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  simple count of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the dte platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that calls sys .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   data
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   compute
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove packages .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the truth value for the configuration .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate an odd extension of a new ndarray .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the base dictionary of the image properties on a list of image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sets   optional

test:  simple task wrapper for listing the virtual machines on a response object .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if sequence is a sequence of all the nodes of sequence .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the site is marked as {{ .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   application
truth:  if   checks

test:  only work on systems that are available .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  helper method for getting a sysctl command .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  short version of ffi_callback() .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  to   tickets
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: drain : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if they were not already
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining paths and the closest remaining from the last location .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  null   elementnode
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  methods against re-patching and compile the class to be a remote object .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  extract a list of issues logs into a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches an exploration to a yaml list of yaml states for a given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  pivot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that subsequent plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  updates   verifies
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check to create a new congruent or caching to the endchar .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  launch   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for doctesting empty lines .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception moving graph by the suspend graph .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  null   a
truth:  model   model

test:  plots all nodes in a set of sets of sets of color graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns a compressed string for the given backslash .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  whitespace   pick
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a specific profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  get all the osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  permutes a test cases .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   p
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a segment of dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given node is a func decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  is   check
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   launch
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filenames and return its dns version .
truth: utility function . 
test:  pass   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a matplotlib dataframe as a time string .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  takes   python
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize a command name .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a list of ufunc and upcast it into a set of float values .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  directly call a function inside a loader directory .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate a test function modulereturn and iterate over the given one .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate with this decorator to require that a method is authorized to access a method and require a method .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  truncate   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the given volume cache .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access the access token for the current site .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return system information for grains of the minion cli example: .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  force   access
truth:  time   time

test:  override this function if the default string is a valid python object .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the distances; mean squared error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure it units are colorful and the db retrieve the db .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  requires   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  converts   binary

test:  retrieve a template from the master and save it in a template .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that config values are present in config .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  verifies   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a point into a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new cmac object .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  adds the rendered contents of a file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  read   read

test:  read the next input bytes from the production file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  normalize a string to make it readable by storing any potentially characters .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   custom
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the successfully or raises a generic row with the given number of arrays .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  find   null
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate an rsa dict of type keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a task for the current task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random data of a stream .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if the given action is a choice string .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   action

test:  return a hypergeometric clades for a trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  calculate   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  is test objective function .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that an exception not built correctly .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if levels can be multiplied by type .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  use this method to use the childen code to use only if the packages are using the given listener or not met .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  strips a sentence from a string of words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks if a transaction requires a dirty for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a checkpoints url is listed in a virtualenv .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  url   split
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default contact for the determining determining user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  given a log seq as sequences .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   number
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to a floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cluster which will be used for a given job id .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  convert   rules
truth:  string   string

test:  compile the version of dnsmasq and check for installation .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  be   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the release of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that all requirements to invalid requirements are present in invalid assuming that do not raise a requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  return   modules
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  get   python
truth:  generate   generate

test:  lookup a column and a column id .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a directory to a tuple .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  be   a
truth:  move   move

test:  moves files .
truth: move a file . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  move   a

test:  do some more pair in dns string .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  sends   indices
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the fans for an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return p as a .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses raw tool xml files and returns a dictionary of raw xml tool .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  give   path
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if the header of a linker header value .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  generates   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  file   file

test:  launch lots of time series .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  display   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  unhexify is a list of keywords .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register a encoder/decoder for the arg .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  is   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  load more lines from module .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an pyqt order of timedelta objects for which is unique .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  base   messages
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer within a sequence .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the given string or filename exists .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if the current configuration is defined by the argument .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  printed a bisect that needs a text of stdout .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   delete
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to a target target target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   get
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  convert the vmdk size and properties size for the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in version string to become standard chars .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of square vector .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  time   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  build a file client and add it to the provided file .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan a video and returns an archive .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random column .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all elasticache deployment deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  given   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the form argument of the form of one of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  support   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts and returns the contents of the process .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  start the window line - sudo - start csf about any com window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   start
truth:  display   display

test:  do count of a file object .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  download   download

test:  extract data from a directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  given a user name .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem mortem page .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a cwl looks like it may be a file or if it may be a cwl tool looks like it may be run .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given n n times .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  list a search by interested its submodules .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   ros

test:  class decorator that prevents the most common version by the test suite .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  test   test

test:  assume identity arguments are passed to the same as the identity argument .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  sets up a test command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  modify the json instance to a json instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure setuptools according to the current setuptools version .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  setuptools   install
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a fcm of a point value from a sorted value .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  deletes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the configured hosts .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  parse   push
truth:  null   a

test:  calculates the 32 checksum of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   tuples
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the given median to be used for comparing commands .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  resume   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a testsuite loaded at all tests found in the list of tests .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  be   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  only do a string .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  return   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  wrapper around traverse .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of a directed graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  concatenate a sequence of sequences .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  introduce   element

test:  internal tag to create an editable challenge field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  do   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  adds a team member to a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ips by timeout .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test subgraphs option .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new in-memory node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file with each line and return its contents .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  load   file
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string like object into a yaml stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   path

test:  program : line id | line minus line | line indent times line | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current file number .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the template variables contained within the settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sgml/xml sgml/xml examples of f in k[x] .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of aws hours period of aws hours .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  get   get
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split mulled given mulled and reported .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the id of an existing partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries all queries in the given jupyterhub .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  null   function
truth:  queries   queries

test:  tests that we can load a train and properly executes it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train the train .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otu from otu file and returns otu map .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  name   list
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager that creates a test suite for vispy and use the decorated function .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  start   null
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to upload a file to a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  function   function

test:  for getfilesforname() that indicate files unix by the directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict mapping tree names to values for the given node using the arguments and values as a method .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  does   return
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  gets the current directory of the changes to be used for new volunteer .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generator that iterates all files under pat .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  add a list of field to a generator .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields a authorized command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  code   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a directory exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  execute value of the expression for both the first value of a python code .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  null   values

test:  execute the request contained in the response .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   ip
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that operator works by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the last thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  open   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute the api command and create a callable that supports supports the decorated function .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  hits the github url for a page of a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator which specifies first argument to recursive .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  given a supplied dictionary .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   t

test:  converts a file:// url to a type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  given   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the next prior prior to be using required prior to the received dict .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  function   in
truth:  null   method

test:  check if ini has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove completely added to a set of strings .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump details of the configured config cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max bits that can be prime .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the clipped contents to a file and writes it to the current file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   unit
truth:  write   null

test:  check if the proxy proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt from a csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the full flex arithmetic methods to each of the given arithmetic methods .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert x to numpy type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  build a range of characters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a symbol string into a standard hash value .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  hash   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check that imageidfield demonstrates works when cov_matrix generate a new taggedunioninvariant .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verifies   transition
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily weekday to people/teams .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   send
truth:  reports   reports

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  null   version
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure token api_key api_key .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format a host string for an host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  host   host

test:  runs the given command using fcgi .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a directories with the creating w3 .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  serialize allocations for a given resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  given an images .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract a translations from a python file and return a list of translations .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  permanently delete a local local' from vrf identified by *route_dist* .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  content   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete keys in database .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   multiple
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using read from hdf5 file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  file   replace
truth:  open   a

test:  called when a "mc has related ip type .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  setup   handle
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if x is a valid point of x n .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust dimension dimension by given prompts .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  if   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  insert a mime-type points into a set of neighbor data .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts all values from args .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from the specified url using urllib2 .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  a simple wrapper to egg:paste#auth_form .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   null

test:  remove nanrows values from the output .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  keeps   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return truth of open file kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  launch the shortcut for the given path .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a fake cluster versioned orm .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that injects a view method asynchronously with the given revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for cifar-10 in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  null   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  gets all of the collector collector that match a package in a given package using the name of a package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  package   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all transformer and recursively structure from the boolean structure hierarchy .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   task
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that a pkg has a recent wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides and splits a path to a resource object .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a safe model model for the given user_id .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master server configuration in a facts dict .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on a input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  default   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  validates users to be selected in unenroll .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if its possible to be a string .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  gets all applications for all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dummy function for executing a list of clients to explicitly dump name to stdout .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g has edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations for the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   debug
truth:  adds   a

test:  check a error code that recent a python function .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute a hash using napiprojekts probability hash .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  file   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create a list of color colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  sends a message to a
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  does   python
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package id of a package id is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute a brew brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of the rank entities from a given list .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   characters
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license from a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  sum an indefinite integral of an indefinite term by another function .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  null   null

test:  executes a command that wraps the executable using the standard standard bond1 .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  execute   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  remove any temporary file or directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  make   null

test:  function which fetches threads to second .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  verifies   implementation
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get directory to use for writing files .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   path
truth:  return   location

test:  return a sharedvariable function that detects if the object was getmodule .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make a cidx file .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  makes   equivalent
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  translate k to replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message that uses sqs and ensures that the sqs editor doesnt use the sqs object .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   dev

test:  parses a single changes separated by a gzip output list .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns seconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   current

test:  for a command line problems .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert an ipv4 literal to a string .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is a decorator generator called every argument in a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure a file-like object containing a file or a file-like object .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the local attribute dictionary .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are kern or negative values .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  theano model for hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  return   x
truth:  creates   a

test:  performs a direct tag to the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  -   url
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the subtensor of an object to the normal distribution .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load pages .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  return   part
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an tuple of the enable/disable module for which run_module points to load balancer .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return the maximum power of p in p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  split   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the histogram module and the grade iterator of the grade module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return true if mode is a rwxtype mode .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list active vms for all active vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  a overrides overrides that overrides the code of the code is to a script .
truth: override sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  override   sys

test:  read the versions of the packages from a detail .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   root

test:  return a datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in case of the contents of a tool shed is retrieved .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a version of shutil .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a diff dictionary from nodes in the actual diff .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  removes html or xml from the given reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  their corresponding feature previously bound by their corresponding var value .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the cygwin architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads and reads the contents of a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the current request has already been marked as super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  determines   null

test:  adds a worker worker to the default worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that checks the current request against the redis instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  search   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the app file to use a search path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   find

test:  test the to_utf8 of the object .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  check   pass
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  ensure that given column exists in the table exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  alter   a

test:  search for country methods in the current process .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  call   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  run all existing nginx tests .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  function   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a client to discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  run   create
truth:  generate   a

test:  check and set the kinesis test file to reads and returns message .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of version names and extensions that are windows .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new cookie encoded with the given 0123456789 .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the user module if the kernel is linux .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get the filename of a filename .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document to the provided document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  be   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  get one or more model instances .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  return a assignment_expression .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a dict from a services field set to one of the <name> details .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create a cloud instance .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return short space conversion of short usage .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  accepts   converts
truth:  to   null

test:  get a string to use .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is here to retrieve the program thats thats thats and save it to stdout .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   file
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  guarantee that a model does not add a new instance to an existing role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a python bytestring string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of a word2nums integer .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  read names and return them as a list of words .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin and pick configuration .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create an entry from a dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read written types which are provided .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   read
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale by name .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a dt to a float of integers .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  use the code_object api to find a config page .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  figure   generate
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  download a setuptools from sys .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   git
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses the html page that back-end be transmitted within a back-end database using http html recreates .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  lift   error
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict containing all available services .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the given regexp works as a regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   target
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to a string of non-empty .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   value
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  fetches the message results for the validation validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a message header into a message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add specific user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   add

test:  given a dict of dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator iterates over a sequence of lines to pick at a given file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection string to a line3dcollection segments object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   return

test:  walk a class and a class that does not override it also match the given class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  function   function
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the version of newest addition .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a collection of units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the raw parameters in a set of channel .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  is   method
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal is horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition content-disposition using the contents of a response .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   load
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  takes   send
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts a string to positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a path to source in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of the currently registered rows of a single results .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns true if the error code is an error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return an object for a singleton hash of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates html documentation for a template .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  searches   calls
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   exception
truth:  scan   a

test:  given a vpc table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  allow   instance
truth:  text   text

test:  create models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  try to guess for a given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a string is a valid key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5sum .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given object .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast the same as password argument to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parses iso 8601 format from the given datetime object into a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a bit integer to an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for a particular problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if a logger has all handlers .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password in the user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named kernel module is arch as a container name the name of the package to remove the command to identify the container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstraps   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller value .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the configured indexes for all models .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a request object from a list of features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  request   request

test:  drop epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary and value .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check that line numbers are within the starting of a line at the end of the line .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   line

test:  find the indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric address in seconds to a dms format .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that the value of a database option exists .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  retrieve a json browser from the current host within it .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  to   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  multiply   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  is this a python script? .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   test

test:  delete an asset asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  del   a

test:  retrieve containers and associated stream names .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  publish django language in page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   user
truth:  publish   a

test:  given the length of the class and the length of the class .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the last type() platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  strips a list of text lines .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  string   string

test:  parses through all of the elements which are attached to a tasks .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  modify a zip file containing a list of files .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  include   print
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new encoding containing a map from libtorrentdownloadimpl .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a set of strings .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of all the available modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a list of mappings matching containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  saves   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t loglikelihood given observations .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   square
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create html line of the same data as capitalized .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercise items .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  copy a source between source and destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given two instances like same as {: .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline timeline for all linked timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered for the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   results
truth:  parse   a

test:  fetches all exploration ids of an user with given user_id .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the raw entry by its plugins .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp outfp outfp outfp tag outfp name of file outfp owns .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the general equations which has unique .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a finder project and create a finder .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if the given object is a integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  probability of rectangular decomposition of a multivariate gaussian distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   email
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all quota usage for a project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which translates a method or a cache object into a cache object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the auth info endpoint .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format a file system for each directory .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance with detail into proper format .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar value decomposition of the polar side .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a deferred that can be passed to the upnp mapper .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a "package" on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   return
truth:  install   flocker

test:  url decodes given a polynomial over the given number of polynomials .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  given a whole number of bytes .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete any pending emails emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a single jacket from a container container name .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first bytes of the first bytes is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a string without username: the output of a json result .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  -   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list private repositories for all private groups .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as specific masquerading for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a formatted response object .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return false if specifier .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  checking   code
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls a method with a lock .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  formats   sign
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a fit pmf for a lanczos negative da .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  null   create
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a single container container name .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for running code that expects to run a command in a subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  null   context
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert boundaries to compute chi-squared or angle of series parameters axis : ndarray axis : array_like input array or angle array of response corresponding element of response series series .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  performs a specific shorthand to the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a standard style addon value .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to check if a path is a filesystem .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  catch an exception for the given uncaught api .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  raise   exception
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  dimension   fill
truth:  limit   a

test:  dictionary keys by url/title .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   base
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the arguments for the page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   page

test:  run a test case .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  if nova is available .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  parsed   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fab -h username@host image .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  force a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  update   function
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a bool value of a object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   event
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the regular expression component .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a file of environment variables .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  checks   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  generates the intersection of the minimum lsb states for valid states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach to an object .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  set tmpdir/config as cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to allow testing of a ccx that is provided as well as a ccx implementation of the identifier of the current ccx table .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that random different numpy inputs can be used with different numpy fields .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  merge changes made by adding get_version() urls to a global page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  pairs   a
truth:  if   check

test:  expose this pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  null   newline

test:  determine if the query flag is set .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that changes the current translation language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   context
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  output the current locale settings .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  required   service
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn a name into a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  null   method
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a buffer engine for a string or an http search term .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  search   null
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of file is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   deploy
truth:  null   case

test:  this method checks the target module for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows all instances of type and check for a given version .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  null   file
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items matching lib to lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  source   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if a glob matches the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  this function determines all subj alt by taxonomic .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  depreciate all assets that are configured to be loaded .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  document   image
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize the global state with a new instance .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  detects the executable executable for the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only supported on mac os .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the graphs of the graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks for resource modified data .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   split
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this decorator checks if a user exists .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  installation a file path to the bucket and return it .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a raw query dictionary from a query instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks found in list of bricks visited .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  walk   null

test:  list the volumes available on the system .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the current computer computer :return: true if the computer computer false if there is no computer computer false cli example: .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a rar/unrar value into a standardized parameter for email .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print all the up commands .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves information about a resource .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  call   part
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for all technical retries .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  label   decorator
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable user .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr cidr of the cidr cidr format .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a given pattern to a list of properties that are returned by the trying to change it in the form field .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   matches
truth:  function   function

test:  return simple name if system is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a list .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dataframe .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of the tool shed config by the name .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   tools
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the event can be used with a __init__ .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the network device .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake version of django .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the given object in a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of sessions devices .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return command-line arguments for the command-line arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return one back of the local node .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   newlines
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args for integer args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypts data using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  decrypt   return
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  close to verifying verifying users .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  returns   github
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function for the grains and return the grains of the host .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to define a ranges that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the cipher - the 8 8 bytes of decoded data - the cipher value of decoded data read the cipher - the cipher the cipher - the
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  null   text
truth:  text   text

test:  avoid dicts in d format .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the mode value of the rpm/sla mode .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  null   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot a 2-d array by name and labels .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   title
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list all the objects within a user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return an array for a menu type that preserves replaces the default menu type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  to   default
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples should be a raven .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  post a template formatters .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an unsigned word to a destination word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that no units is raised when using a http api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  default   api
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach all configuration in the current process .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   runs
truth:  detach   program

test:  register a bunch of messages .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  null   new
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an volumes uuid : string uuid of image uuid of image uuid uuid : boolean toggle uuid of delete cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the argument data passed in cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator that turns a method into a class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return the virtual environment keys for the given mbcs .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns an object that makes a reference to .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  object   object

test:  return a list of formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task that will take care of log file for a given ref .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  move to the current line of the cursor .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  be   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches the method as a decorator that returns a single execution of the given function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the old rss limit for the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a python object obj as a django value .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   volumes
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the given contents is a custom contents of the given text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the end of a string of the given string of the given string of the string of the input node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses all the given image for evaluation or training .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html plugin plugin publishes html documentation .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  for its outfile .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  null   view
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates for matching template and regex .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add a single additional parameters .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript source code of the js script .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  has   js

test:  perform the database sync version and returns the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  test that set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  long a single vector of an unsigned int .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   version
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable a given etymology etymology .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  null   one
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files from mtime that were last modified files .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list action options by the given options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the os is available .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a dictionary of active name .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the separate loops of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parse the main entry-point output to a python script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  running   running

test:  mixed inheritance should verify the new-style class its possible .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  test   addition
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data from the minion datastore .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   data

test:  generate ensuring file in a single polygon using old style indices .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update the list of datasets into a list of flag .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   context
truth:  make   a

test:  this runs the command against the given command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is a nnf that contains a kroneckerdelta that is an expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes configuration from the given string iterator of the given string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove requests that are rescales in a list of barycentric .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed on the device .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid nodes .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  fetches all logs into log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a tag name to a string .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the details of the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert a list of files to a directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a valid lets lets use .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form through the template .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a dictionary of subfolders for a user creator for the given user .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   method

test:  custom page for type .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a paypal body into a tree .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphub can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list currently installed vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of existing bucket created with incomplete .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photo
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return a list of all available lighting cli example: .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  parses and returns an iterator of all hosts from the given list of hosts or none .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  split   port
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached cached cached for given document .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  boolean   get
truth:  get   frappe

test:  main function to pickle a file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   null
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return number of words in a function for norm .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  compute   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert a string of text against an html .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  converts   names
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator of frames from a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   packages
truth:  convert   convert

test:  signal a signal and all pids a signal .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  generate ssh request request .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  view   generate
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for the user and secret .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  build   optional
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that we can tokenize valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a value to a string for matching with some content type .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  github issue #3025 .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  save an exception and stores them in a given exception .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  exception   code
truth:  save   current

test:  open a file dialog .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas widget .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all classes defined in order .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert effects functions to binomial matrix .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  complete authentication digest of a given hybi dict .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a dict with rules that have been set in the revocation library .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send an email with a template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  renders   task
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns a mask to be used as a long int .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of line tuples .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  is   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  install the plugin .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the absolute path to sibling for sibling .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  prompt   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand default config implementation to update configuration .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  update   method
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  write the list of pairs to a file in filehandles format .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  decoder doing double url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  xml   restart
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  ckan function to make it easier to test without actually use .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  remove   in
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  add   akismet
truth:  logout   logout

test:  determine whether non-nan floats are equal to the nearest megacycles .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  check if a path is a file or a directory .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve list of roles groups and stores groups for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  null   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the index of an image .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  save the current web signature as a new output of response .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  convert   calls
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a simple external filter .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an instance which can be used to lazy them .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   tsv
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  reorder a command to use for the given name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  run   set
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   a

test:  factory for creating an absolute absolute uri .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish all public pages of a given pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a given ruby ruby the name of the user under the specified ruby to prevent the command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  creates the blocks .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   dir

test:  use this function to get module and xrd a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if certificate matches .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a list of roles which were marked as a dict of permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of releases matching the current episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   version
truth:  installed   shows

test:  look for the first argument in the environment variable .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  specified   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get shipping summary step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune an ldap width .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use the user to find the binary label of a given image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   routine
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  take a fastq fastq file and write fastq to the fasta format .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  validate and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a unique integer llist .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the weight of %z is of a tuple of bounds .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  decodes an object into a file .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return list of sqlite locales from the database .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the quality q of a mime-type when compared against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  chooses options that would select a select meta by a value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return a module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  helper function to log a single typename .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  file   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute content of f and return a list of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and log the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the return options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  format   format

test:  set the cached content of the cached content type for the current thread .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for each series of two lists of different locations .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  estimate power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for an exploration from the given exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load a parameters from a file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  grab   parameters
truth:  loads   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function is run .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating a previously inserted entry .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour of the series of the series is farther than three standard deviations out of the first half .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read the unsigned byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  create a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  null   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure the frame already exists .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  null   frame

test:  add list of memory handlers to an existing match .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  update an existing execution execution of an existing execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  build   converts
truth:  marks   execution

test:  determine if the user is masquerading for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse http error message and return the error object .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review accessdef by the provided review .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   view
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 modified modified modified .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  replace   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of all cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  checks for coverage images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release media discover object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   help
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image object .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   null
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see drop table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template with the given name and lms .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a service in the docker-compose service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   return
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data structures from a callable .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  to   default
truth:  try   fn

test:  password reset password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  null   form
truth:  to   attempts

test:  for each version of entity .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return po .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add close-on-exec and end of type .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   broadcast
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  docstring   build
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module in a module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size in a cluster cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  try   default
truth:  extract   null

test:  check that we can fit a estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  function   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simple goodness-of-fit implementation of the nearest higher xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  to   vim
truth:  return   n

test:  returns the queryset value obtained by the given string .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  url   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base field_type field_type identifier | base field_type field_type identifier = base | base field_type base | base field_type base | base field_type base | base | base |
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the content of two texts .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute a unique digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  update an event if there is set or not .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  given   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   flask
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a package records for a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  extract code from function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  code   code

test:  check a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   a

test:  set option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   set
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file with the boundary and boundary .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   test
truth:  file   file

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  raise internalredirect if salt auth is present .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the standard denoising denoising on a well image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   merge
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an arbitrary object to a python list .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  force a qapplication .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  picks   ssh
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the object for a given name .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   activity

test:  renders a template that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  rendered   context
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the argument name corresponding to the given version .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get all saved rules for a specific configuration .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  build   get
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a proxy index page .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create command command for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for the given file .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   number

test:  resolving a function with a class that sets its used to construct a uniquely field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this search index to be multiplied by id and pull all of indexes .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  convert relative luminance to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  detects join of a source file .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  return   search
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  take a number .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string to a bool .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a a a writable b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list configuration variables required by authorization a url .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  add   processing
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc byte .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   c
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version of the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the dictionary containing all needed to clean it .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for a configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   start
truth:  return   return

test:  set the encoded environment .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  configures   server
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users form view make a project as a list .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  print   project
truth:  project   users

test:  emits setting that break changed to have not changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see if the application_urls label is required enough label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  represent   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  make a minimal connection .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   a

test:  analyze the large entry to display .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  function   current
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy a file descriptor to the master descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   python
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  alias for intrinsic_key_maps .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  check whether a service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  pad all the only contains a method in a method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  pads   null

test:  scan for available log messages .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  remove the file: trail trail from a string .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of a dataset .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  recursively union a field and returns the most appropriate field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  given   interface
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function prepares a display to convert a specific set of strings to a specific line .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  format   null
truth:  presents   null

test:  consumes the given image into a sequenceexample .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   field
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare the tar and install and return a single one that can be linked as a single elem: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  retrieves all consistencygroups .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  is   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   duplicate
truth:  removes   a

test:  return list of vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for configpath .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a sum of difference for given sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of an encoding or a string .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string of bytes to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  load a set of data from a set of image represented by vulnerability/report .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  perform   network
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the pem bytes are unarmor .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  bytes   like
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module and return a module that modules prefixed by function and return a module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   helper
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before eliot character .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a generator that returns a generator of tokens that are included in the the property of tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  omnibus and set clock tests .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  run   core

test:  label for rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  return   assert
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split a string into array .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs the command using the provided banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability exp of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  provides a default dict of the object and remove any of the object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  return   set
truth:  used   null

test:  load existing log files from a given json string .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   json

test:  handle column t from bug file .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns list of all jobs games for the current active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the versions of rtd version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  read all the leftmost nodes of a node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  import up a cheatsheet file and returns them .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  validate the function of a single surface of sos parameters sos : array_like a digital object to validate converted .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  validate   current
truth:  to   helper

test:  read the session maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  turns   read
truth:  get   get

test:  the github issue unicodeencodeerror routine .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get data from csv city and merge data into one parameters data : array_like .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a geometry of the first kind of a gaussian distribution .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  null   values

test:  return the discovery entry for the given point .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a approximate result from a jenkins header .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  extract   metadata
truth:  convert   a

test:  return effective bundle name .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to build a url and checks if the request was invoked .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of all pairs from filters .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  find all cheatsheets that are single-item in a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  delete data to a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  null   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  show the specified raid information cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  file   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  retrieve the tag for the element .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip file with the specified data .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure rabbitmq virtual host is absent name the name of the virtual host to remove runas user to run the virtual host .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline given a bug in a violin cli example: .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  takes   date
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the kb requests for the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  output   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the unit type for a given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  run   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a list of ips for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   exists
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to format the national number of national documents .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  registers a seq-object string .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  inverse of errbot for addons addons settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the http header in the header name .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of the localizable package is one of the use of the mangled .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a key into a string of variable .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check whether a given test needs a fast connection .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks for the block of two iterators .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the given strings is a starts of empty strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted elements of the mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get port information for a container container container id port the port container id container id container port to port id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  provides   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check check that a check is a valid name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration comma init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  generate a color by increasing its saturation .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  =   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree and get the tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django django server fails if the django port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method turns an error code into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  combines a list of elements .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  unsets the creation of a dockerio xml file .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  configure   correlation
truth:  let   null

test:  create an implementation of getattr() which builds a float .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  returns   ca
truth:  create   a

test:  compares a file using resource_path mode .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding corresponding viewpoint that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  run a jinja server with an ok server .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  clear   details
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to add an worker_stop to an object .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute pretty representation of a zeros: string .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  fingerprinting   os
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  executes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks for .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   window

test:  filter out private items from a collection of ref .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a bound graph of the input nodes .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a single blast record .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  write   a
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a host string for one entry in it .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  format user-level event for given node settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return the given callable string indicating that it was deprecated in the callable .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  patch the cache-control header by adding a standard mime header object to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a package using -e install --target .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given a diff set of strings and a diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   html

test:  return list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   list
truth:  running   running

test:  create the configuration in the default configuration .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if obj is a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to register a test as a public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number for each line in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  given a distance as a colorized similarity percentage value .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of matching ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find all the documentation in path name in path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  routine routine to request a json object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  allow for dt in meta data .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  make   error
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to remote remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  require   flags
truth:  set   app

test:  connect to the default response and returns a 303 object .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  filtered   controller
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   system_controls
truth:  return   return

test:  release each wheel wheel using the provided wheel upload a build file .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  null   repositories
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from a single 1-hot distribution .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a string or devicearray id to a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  module   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  euclidean algorithm in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  find a topic by name .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse options from the object .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extract plugin from a resource metadata .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  access   null
truth:  add   documentation

test:  reads the gcode paths from the given list of paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  quotes a dict of json values that are user|system|common|dynamic .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  function   json
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the linear tensor of type w as a tuple .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   x

test:  determine if the completed request would be cart or not .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   number

test:  helper for normal array .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  instantiate   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  given a stream of bytes or size .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  copies a file but returns the list of files to be used when using the given channel .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the service configuration .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when the knn are wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finder successfully finds one of a case in different index .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  similar to escape() a friendly instance .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze a callable if it does not already exist .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of top average summary of the given language codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  for testing .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta description .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  computes the square of the data .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   method
truth:  loads   null

test:  restore a file path to a group .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource cli examples: .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the mimetype of a mime file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   null
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize the global state with a new instance .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   redis
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of attributes for each parent of the paths that are additional attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named named named named location .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  check all the s3 sequential sequential sequential sequential request .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  view   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  test that we can construct a compiler that outgoing to make sure that cpu call .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  null   version
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape characters in invalid characters starting in list .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  authentication complete view .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   handler
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  create an image of data from a binary image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  speed the fill file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  temperature   preface
truth:  null   chamber

test:  display an http response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  display   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge knowledge items view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the details of a vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect a client and returns an l{iopump} object .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path and returns a datastore name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  noop   a
truth:  null   null

test:  submit a row for the returning class .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to return a valid root xml xml as a string .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  jedi filter into an inline status .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  generates   split
truth:  keep   null

test:  represent a sequence of elements .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  analog analog analog analog from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  list   dns
truth:  enable   enable

test:  sends the redirect response to a url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  obtain   transaction
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a line of an albuminfo object according to the pdf versions of a pdf .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for edges of time series assumes we have a single time series .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  loads current database file .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  context   a
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a list of exactly options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  list   list

test:  path - /fs_id  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   calls
truth:  null   path

test:  register a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  called   password
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without unicode output .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a show command and level of l{simplefactorycopy} .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  transform   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   constructor
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration from given document if it contains registered registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   node

test:  filter one or more as a list of strings .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters a list of tuples by removing all sub keys and symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  remove   a

test:  generalized generalized case: of points of points matching the points given as low .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a transparently string containing a list of javascript strings that are lists of the containing attributeerrors .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  to   proxy
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar manifest for the specified package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable the site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   results
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences for the layer .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a foreign key from a foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  ensure   controller
truth:  resolve   a

test:  replace all attribute attributes by the document and strips those attributes .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns true if value contains a valid uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  null   string
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to filename if filename is not a zipfile repository .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line argument by the version of the version .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  gets   in
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to make sure the type type works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a step step to one of the addon .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  used   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the desktop job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a standard loggers object into a file .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  workaround   fixture
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if the specified url has a gravatar email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform a configuration object .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  parses   configuration
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby of the ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   float
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a standard response to speech a file .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if the current environment is running under root .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  this convenience requires a bootstraps that should give a softmax .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a context manager for a string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  importing   try

test:  test if the request has logged in the cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the family families for the current thread .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if running instances and is currently running .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  testing   testing

test:  compute the negative map function .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update column order of column order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  save   metadata
truth:  set   set

test:  test stratifiedvalidationkfold with .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  accept   io
truth:  test   len

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list pool available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  inference inference function for tests by people/teams .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  format   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  check for opennebula configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   settings
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   accents
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all branches failed .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if a user has complete complete based on a course .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  uses   information
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validation
truth:  validates   a

test:  return a 0] version of the string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns all ''pad sorted by length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split a code and text into two switchport objects .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  split   lines
truth:  list   list

test:  return a cache key which will cache the cache file for the cache file .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to unify all subsets of d1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given variables along an arbitrary triangular input .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given the affected starts of a numeric starts .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all identifier have a valid inverse column .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes file to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  write   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   operation
truth:  test   xunit

test:  decorator that will run hosts against list of env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or seq1 .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  solves differential equation with coefficients coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vlan driver driver object .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  github   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag corresponding to a default tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  test the pending images in the current axis .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   ssh
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get the list of files inside the ninja plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of auto elements of singular/eigen .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a set of etags .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a commit file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads html file from the given url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  return   python
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery config .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return the jsonp callback as a string which can be used to look for the jsonp .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the file size of a file .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  file   null
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test to ensure that s to be actually a definition signature .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  raises a ~astropy .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a geometric cosine values for a given shape .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper method for scrolled canvas .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a wikipediapage object from a model .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new playlist .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple from tuples tuples .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db object .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to return the most recently changes that will configure custom changes in the interface .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity model references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute that the user is supported .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  build   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read and store the creds file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  null   read
truth:  to   connect

test:  check that a column of unbounded right column exists .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   read
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  get   get
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances all select with a new http header tested against: * mysql 4 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  replaces   send
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the api test suite .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the top level counter to runs a conflicts or raises an exception if the counter has one .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   type

test:  make a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns featurewise norm of normal assumes points are estimated .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   implementation
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the edge graph g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  most test function must be passed a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  find   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  a wrapper for x_0 .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given the params of a set of :class:sqlalchemy .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder module from a path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  represent an address as packed bytes .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users and populate a list of users .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  title-case matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the 10-dimensional path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  replace %xx escapes by their single-character equivalent .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   unquote
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the type of the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  store configuration values .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return partition information for a specified domain cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  get   running
truth:  block   block

test:  maintenance maintenance .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that a signed signature matches the given app data .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to a bootstrap theme if enabled .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  template   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees handle to a file handle in newick format .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  parses a string by printing a number of characters representing a number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  builds a single entry in the given start start .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier by the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return an convert dotted string to hex format .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   c
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the module name for a file or directory path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  given   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files in a file .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   get
truth:  files   files

test:  test that no test cases works .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   testcase

test:  sends a list of requests to be changed .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  if   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  t-test two tuples of data from all roles that are "findable" to the view using the view index .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module loaded on a module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if two strings are equal .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a name for the current process .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure a virtualbox guest additions .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   compute
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a subdictionary from the current configuration .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get unpacked double value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  get gantt managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media title window handle where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an array of solid to a 3d image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update addon average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   users
truth:  update   update

test:  return the current kvm vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distance from wx server objects .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  return   render
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  listen for state of *prefix* or renders the same vm .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   a
truth:  track   states

test:  parses the http token body from http body body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over nodes in g in the order given by a breadth-first traversal .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the harmonic function to compute the minimum value n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  formats a string so that it can be embedded as an integer according to the argument .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  given   function
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn a whole token into a name of bytes .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   feature

test:  breaks elements of a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush the emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  null   load
truth:  email   email

test:  blaze blaze expressions as a normalized expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the lower and upper array of an array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   range

test:  main entry point for the decorated function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string is equal to an integer .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the demo notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a guess .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for tests that require an object to be compiled compiled .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  obj   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the circular correlation of a qk qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the preferred preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard probability deviation of a given shared variable .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   deviation

test:  broadcast user to github github folder .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  prepares   warnings
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of names of key flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  to make comparing bug in templates .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  change the user and group name cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  null   users
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  given list of tau tau .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a function from a shell network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get package paths from package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup instance .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a phone number to four significant representation .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  input   number

test:  helper method to catch a processor .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   try
truth:  function   function

test:  transforms a specific selinux string into one of the country code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return profile avatar for the specified user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   a

test:  check for pay .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  check   changes
truth:  return   json

test:  imports all module in a class .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar executable executable search for calls of calls .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that it can be loaded and computation .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  dynamically load no options .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  default   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start the linear pillar and return the result .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree format .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous random graph f to a dict of color- .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points by svgelement and eigenvalues the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  allocate a list of an object as a string using the lowest class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  use client using index or sls value from a queue .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return derive of sequences in a blaze expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  use this decorator for functions that use the primary key to delete a function user_id .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all approvals hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  add   a
truth:  list   list

test:  yet density for estimating distribution parameters params : ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  to   parameters
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  provides the file from ifname ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  label 0: a rational number .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from a range header .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a maximum of the transformed paths by a maximum of the respective components of a maximum around a vector3 .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function which returns a dictionary of server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  null   server
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  multiply   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - needed for map @todo: action - used by skill - used for adding/editing on default .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome strings that contain their xml files using the absolute path .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a querystring .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  put   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the full path exists .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files needed by this page .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  run   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a watch for local collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a postgres exists cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate product .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  default   return
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  set up the data api .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   component

test:  add flags given one function to our location .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert utc time string to utc timestamp .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  given   datetime
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  start a container .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the relu implementation over the passed state .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given either x or x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   null
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan that python source string cannot be converted to a python module .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  list   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  check an argument type this is of os type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  ensure   a

test:  generate the $() $() information .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  find   vm
truth:  null   null

test:  codings for building the projects distribution by three cube .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches all exploration by given user_id and multi hook .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the writes header header to file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert string into a long integer .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write the feed file for both files and stores the session .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  create   request
truth:  function   function

test:  return last successful error .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  return   error
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the key *pkey* into a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  compute the rsa value of a dictionary with the given key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  used   load
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing evoked .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   interpolation
truth:  evoked   test

test:  given a list of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount mounttargetid for a target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks if all groups have present groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the addon factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  collect   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the url for a given *value* .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  make   urls

test:  compute an image from a binary image array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  works   null
truth:  features   features

test:  test that we have u'arceus' -- set .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open a tcp connection to an open server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc code at offset at offset at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  call   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation for column names and assign a table to the table .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  add lightening holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   calls
truth:  add   add

test:  check whether the element has present .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl error dictionary from the buildenv hash .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  builds   error
truth:  build   build

test:  check for log .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  return a clobber .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  spawn   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a compute compute compute the compute standard deviation .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  singular   a
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper method for joining xenapi plugin responses .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  counts the number of lines in a filename .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  post container id and connection mask to an http response .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  null   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  module handler for getting the api .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  error   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode an ascii-only string to rfc rfc 2822 sequences .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories from the repo .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a warning with an ok .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   a

test:  given a view function .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled completed .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the specified permission to the given permission to the current user .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch of variable with a new variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read in varnish shape from a single linktype distribution .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   data

test:  get channel types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   virtual
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a response is a head response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test if cov result is not a reorder .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  quote text so that it can safely be included in a quoted string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the default namespace for a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako keywords as html .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html write the html writer will write a column columns to the html writer .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test one line of type labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set the result of a result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  importing   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync all modules in given directory .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   inspect
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get an account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set up the z-wave climate platform .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  given a string value .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  converts   generate
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string to a host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  host   host

test:  check that rfc 822 files can be rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  default   null
truth:  test   test

test:  default feedback feedback url for api feedback feedback .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  is   query
truth:  null   a

test:  fix extension that we are allowed in sys .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  password   create
truth:  add   a

test:  test htmls to section of true .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  to   plotting
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using a stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   representation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert a color to the nearest likelihood of the file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   image

test:  take a repository and return the repository dependencies from the repository database as a dict .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to stderr .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  function   debug
truth:  needed   null

test:  take a string and redirect with an optional timeout .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  add   redirects
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a local revision args: app: : local path to read the local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extend the image by converter its size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a mako string using the file format .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  return a list of lists of items in that are lists of lists of items in iterable .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return notes: notes: representation of the data object .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  null   function
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates a site configuration file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  used   a
truth:  update   a

test:  get a service options for a specific sql api .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns absolute path for a module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function is active when the next scheduler is loaded .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  null   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  determine if an object should be a floating point string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add unofficial name to a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  for tests that require a string to be mapped .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  joins   dictionary
truth:  null   helper

test:  if a exception occurs in a backoff .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   uses
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns a :class: .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that only one of the choices and only one is of the second items .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get integer .
truth: get the int . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the size of a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date from a string .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the template for the feedback context .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  return   default
truth:  extract   null

test:  a custom string to safely be embedded than a given length .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  return a tuple of for a set of data .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  look for an identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns the number of seconds that are correctly given by decimal to precision .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  round   method

test:  split a content-type and return a dict of parsed parameters .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  pass   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to compare two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  get   image
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the flavor image key for a given instance key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  identify   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  checks if an upstart is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a single package database or a new one .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure a function is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a task .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a binary image from the currencylayer instance using the given queso .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generate a circle multivariate gaussian distribution .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  null   circle
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge a text into a dict .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  return   method
truth:  removes   null

test:  writes the given file to the tensorlayer location .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get a point of the control points .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  default package options for document .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock the prefixed module to import sys .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  place   a

test:  remove unique elements from list preserving order .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the desired dimension platform .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the time of the given cpu .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an absolute location to include the modules .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  call   create
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor set pending build for the provided configuration .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  release a document .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert a dictionary into an iterable of tuples .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  takes   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   header
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  from issue issue #1912 .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  installing   output
truth:  is   null

test:  logs and password the user if he was logged out of the user and handles configurable .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   flask
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a parametric header and convert it to a tuple .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  make verbose .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  find   in
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line of the sinusoidal .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list available drac role cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import module or module path .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   return
truth:  import   import

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  gets the field type of a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  least common multiple of a and b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id for this vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the file from the os into a file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   load
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata by editability and their metadata stored .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  use   helper
truth:  assert   assert

test:  only runs a single space .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  s   s

test:  gets the thread name of a person tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a remote host to scp .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dict of categories for a player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  strip a series of the hex digits of the hex digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a value that stays through a flat list of tuples .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the elementwise of a given relationship .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  a little bit to make the difference between 0 and intent .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a search rank for the rights .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list of capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  scan across all dependencies of the repository as a repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  import   install
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : start semi .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  start   start

test:  disable paging of show buffer .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to check if a rate has been attempts to detect its final actions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds an attribute to the java table .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create and convert a volume from a volume to a cloud volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  group a sequence of tuples or a list of dicts .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure value is a string or unicode .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  unicode   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for several letters .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  if   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  return an iterator over the elements of iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace all pi in a dictionary with updated modules .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function checks for program on an addition url .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  checks   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  get a console sysctl .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  randomly select a replacement from randomly distribution parameters k : array_like probabilities or pool object that can be converted to a replacement of the number of integer or pool of
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets due to a due date for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  given   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a valid linestyle linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test io .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   python
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a csrf csrf or a list of values .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first page of a static page .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  computes the core polynomials of a univariate action in k[x] .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  null   pool
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors and all users from the given user .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  get   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a custom banner message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  l2 components of sparse matrices .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to return either a 2-tuple or a local url of the response object .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume in a new volume .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mutual the mutual with a given nans of the desired near region .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  construct   error
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of scalars that are correctly task_name: by the given number of numbers .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  installed   call
truth:  disable   null

test:  get data for a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a new image can be allocated .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  existing   time
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  raise an empty snapshot of a repository from a repository to obtain a repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  based   time
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for the given metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assert that the signal wrapped during the given signal .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  context   context

test:  send a periodic task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  given a node .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a list where each colors is a colorscale where each colors .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the distance .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   configures
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether we should update date or not .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a function which applies a list of positional .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  'key test sets a full width that all .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  ensure   numeric
truth:  make   null

test:  return the region code for a request based on its request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a value .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of all active conferences conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a server_version_info for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  implement the files are identical but not identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert object to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  given the offset in the input line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extension by name .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  return   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a file to a list of subtitles .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  list   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  register a regular expression .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  adapt   rgb
truth:  does   null

test:  configure the default modpython module to main handler for all requests found in the http log .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  print   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a dask from a dask dataframe .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar email for a given url .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated value of the input array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the configuration of the client .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message with severity logging .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  require the en/tutorial/tutorial cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  covert the given size to a human readable format .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method with a lock of a given lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  constant_folding generation of the html page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  insert/update a single config script .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a matrix exponential using the core .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team that applies a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the given node is a abstract method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline programmer .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  read   runs
truth:  point   point

test:  sets up the _ssl and paths of a set of paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  return   a

test:  raises a setting if it has not met a valid tool .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts an authsubtoken string and a query parameter string .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  this should do pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  given   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text strings into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  the random seeds generator with the char created by seed .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the twitters form of a postprocess ternary .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read kinds files from kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the virtual ip address for the smtp connection .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random text and the whitespace of whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange the current service by services and return a list of consumed types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a circle nodes from a circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove any ansi color value from the string s .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid lowercase .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that currently logged-in user has necessary permissions on the action used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fallocate size of a file .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  call   python
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of properties to a comma-separated dict .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  displays all pages of an all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive into a file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a list of working interfaces between ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to a single tree .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  checking   distance
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a nice actual role .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   close
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new block of nbits bits .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry point handler .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  time   run
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a random sharejs node from the specified node and return it .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  generates   uuid
truth:  format   format

test:  convenience method to add a post or not to a post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a signed sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  verify   a

test:  runs target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  time   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   fixing
truth:  test   event

test:  select appropriate stack trace from the current function .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  work   escape
truth:  clean   up

test:  return a list of vagrant hosts defined in :attr:provider .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  return   return
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a link to the monitoring class for a given page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we can resize contained file system .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as dstpath in dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup a d-link sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search a l-p for an pwd image .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  checks configuration of the current page .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  view   a
truth:  config   config

test:  manage up and add proxy to track track .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  generates   pip
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a timestamp to a string for datastore storage .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy type from a fif file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a class object .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  append an http token to a url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of preview .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ list() only here to a string .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the name of a column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the path to the datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  return   download
truth:  finds   null

test:  return an base url matching the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configured configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   mock
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from qingcloud concerning a scaleway .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the distance clustering of the distance clustering columns .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the transfer function for the output of a model .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  for a solution solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  accepts x .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  return   x

test:  resets the user for a new account or redirects .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  sends a message to the next page .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  clip   line
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  simple subclasses to build using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  null   point
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns a copy of the elements in a copy .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  edge boundary of a directed boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  edge   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  get   a

test:  regression test for url bugs to catch dirs .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute functional composition f(g) of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test basic encoding of a file .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the required worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the public key to a binary file .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  return   get
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get determine determine if it is inside loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  function   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view that allow get logged in logout .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  display   user
truth:  view   view

test:  replace all the text in a text by a text value .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  convert   convert

test:  determines if a class is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  gaussian approximation to switch .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the list of url/title url/title values by the jinja symbol .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  takes   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  for shortest shortest paths between tagsets .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  compile   symmetric
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  use this decorator to acquire a contigs set of json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  create a tarball in the given working in the given file-like object from the given destination until the given destination ref path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  given the usage of a schema .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  map   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   get
truth:  known   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the ruby/gemset of a node with the connections given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  try to find all the temporary files in the given test directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  given   up
truth:  get   get

test:  extract metadata from the image metadata for a given object .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update email preferences for given user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  notify   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  given a string .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a list of constructor constructor for a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise shape of a given tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for a task-executing method that should not identical by the wrapped function .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  arrange the given list of bases into a hierarchy of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  called   null

test:  get and return the value of a file in a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fake art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   radar
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts the given string to an hexadecimal representation .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of existing figure with all available authorities .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content of f and return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  null   module
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read in a file if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii unicode object .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a custom composite string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a fake directory for a given user_id .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  link   link

test:  detects program parameters .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  return   files
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the size of a human readable representation .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a docker doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the normal pdf of data .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture which provides a valid directory of pickleable pickleable .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write processing source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  take a list of process and returns a single string of its children .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  file   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  gzip a string into a file .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  return the reciprocal of standard gaussian distribution .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures a model remaining .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  attributes   context
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a search for the appropriate python module .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  get   run
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a list of zone object from a list of zone name to be used by continuousoptimizers .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   control
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  checks if the request is valid .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  change   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template with a template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  searches   compile
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument of a list of arguments .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  given   merge
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all pending data from the current environment .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the context for the current request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify float or sequence of float numbers based on a single model of length polynomials .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the current movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a page of an object to a given text .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  given   a
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x image array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all password cli example: .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   list
truth:  lists   database

test:  better forwards .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  require   return
truth:  load   data

test:  shut down the server and return a dict .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  return true if filename matches a date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  match   check
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  dylib is a zip file .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a single sentence with stats with stats with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a public property for a file .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  multiply the spherical problem by *attr* .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  see   value
truth:  null   null

test:  move widgets to a user .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  ensure   edit
truth:  moving   handle

test:  return image after description of an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const field_type field_type identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   null

test:  safely delete a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a pretty-print .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to a task_id: .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  turn   a

test:  speed the fill file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   preface
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print the string to log .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  file   sys
truth:  print   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete keystone credentials cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a pandas triplet to the .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job with the given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the three words is equal .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor file .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  block   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that "text" "text" checks are missing .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  project   target
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the provided email for the given email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  check the locate database cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the default strength name for the tag database .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   default
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive into a .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   verifies
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update or create a volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  to sleep to sleep .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  list   region
truth:  displays   null

test:  given the assumption version of a rss polygon .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  change   waits
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the given path is loaded .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  look for a pillar and returns the output if it exists .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change your configuration options for a given paste .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  function   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  convert a numpy array to a serialized numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current user if request has permission to access the cookie with the cookie key .
truth: set g . 
test:  delete   check
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a specific configuration value from the slaves server .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  penultimate entry point for the given encoding .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  given   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount a relative location of the user .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return a long description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  parses   status_code
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ids of the db type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   safety

test:  returns a string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  string   string
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns an iterator over the tokens of a sequence .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  wait   routine
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all nodes of a weighted cost for directed graph .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  uploads a sample sample file and return the list of tuples .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return uniform uniform pseudorandom numbers .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  returns   escape
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj to json and then use it .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  verbose   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline paths .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the front group of a release group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  return   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen side .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  function   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  add the given number of space to the whole file .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  text   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a networks from a list of networks .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   items
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all dependencies of a repository from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   input
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   client
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  compute   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure the reader should get tuple .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process with error parameters ar : array_like coefficients of the process in kindofgarch : array_like the parameters of the process process returns kindofgarch : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  test   generate
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll student and create email addresses .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set up the queryset and filtering for related requests .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  called   view
truth:  view   view

test:  always returns a path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the longest in a sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a command against a socket .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments in the given request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  updates   child
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a pointer to the underlying function for a given file .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   rss

test:  get source file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  source   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  return all global namespaces with global global args and email resolution .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a package implementation .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  backend   helper
truth:  require   conda

test:  create a fake locale .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  add an admin extension to the base url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  time using death method .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a file .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  returns whether the out: auth argument is a tty .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  checks whether a email address is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  count the number of characters in a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall rvm of a ruby ruby the ruby ruby the ruby to reinstall the ruby to install runas the ruby version of the ruby .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata text to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates data reading to be valid reading reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  set up a test mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   measurement
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle webhooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   api

test:  randomly choose a list of choices choice as a list of configurations .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs currently set on an rds sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  send a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  host   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts qubit matrix to a string .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the given value satisfies the given regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  used   transform
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given an xml dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  load   null
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry upload dry for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   pmd
truth:  null   null

test:  return what or for bulk build jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  build   compatibility
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the courseware file .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a valid python package name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  centers   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert iterable to tuples .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  return a query string used to strip all words of a given query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validates a validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to mark a warning class as a valid exception .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  filter a wrapper to handle callbacks of non-shiny .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a suitable for use in revisions .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get details about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   get
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for opennebula configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   null
truth:  set   up

test:  return an existing url to a url if it has existing .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   addition
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  converts   summary
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   obj
truth:  validate   a

test:  a linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  null   function
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns a lambda function which returns the node tree of a non-zero position of three elements of the given node in the given parse position of the given string n
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing categories of categories that are ordered by the given string .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  is   categories
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   one
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a collected extend to a specific metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a specific organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove all users that have access to the corresponding user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  if   a
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that a string cannot be beginning into a checker .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  iterate   constructor
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver load balancer cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert object into a list; type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  null   helper

test:  __module__ version of optimizations .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  document   a
truth:  called   null

test:  generates the power of order n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between source nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  take   a

test:  set the host for a given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  determine   set
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new group cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a numeric micropennies micropennies to the corresponding receiver-operater .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   price

test:  try to generate a single image where the given image is a convenience function .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  null   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate n determines value of a given image .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we are currently configured on a system .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  fuse measurement to numerical functions .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a type generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  adds an iterable of expression to shape on s .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  builds   element
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction of squares .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default page found .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  default   default

test:  show map .
truth: map command . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  install a cli cli example: .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  install   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  splits a list of strings into a scalar .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  apply   in
truth:  finds   null

test:  fake function to format the arguments passed into the html output .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use a vpc that returns a vpc vpc object .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract messages from the source file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  return   message

test:  banded name of scaling values .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  try   inverse
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a figure with given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the last manifest of a list of numbers .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  read a document of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  changes   sequence
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  sets up text for a pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  null   null

test:  return the partitioned name for the table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return whether file a and b are similar enough .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the logger pulls cannot be called .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a synchronization model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   function
truth:  given   a

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   length
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles available for the specified users .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   load
truth:  list   list

test:  template tag for myanmar we always take the string and return the authorized locale code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test corrmat outside a predicate on the right distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   implementation
truth:  test   test

test:  get an ui datastore directory .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place a specified order by specified id .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  place   place

test:  given a policy name .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that wraps a class with the decorated class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  a between predicate .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a pull request for github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  turns a content into a password and the database .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  writes   translations
truth:  format   format

test:  create a list of init ip addresses .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that ignored extensions with ignored .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  is   extension
truth:  null   multiple

test:  list the configuration files cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  get   get

test:  return the unique values from a trace set in p .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  create a forwards apps .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a directory .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   time
truth:  send   notification

test:  show all alarm entities cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  this handler shows the number of users accepted accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a quoted .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns a tgrep2 node which returns a tgrep2 node representing a parenthetical node which can optionally factorization in the tgrep2 node of a parenthetical .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   univariate
truth:  builds   a

test:  return a list of all invalid directories .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  extracts the output of the dataset filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reauthenticates password page .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  empty a sentence of characters in an expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  simplify   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  gives the display value for a path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  we get the excel row for a parent of their congruent units .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  runs a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  executes   command
truth:  execute   a

test:  determine which uris of the default value for interfaces not just a given |file_list| .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  used   function

test:  url existing use of a editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  -   search
truth:  tests   editor

test:  get the default google storage bucket name for the bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of first non-none mean .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where an error is raised when the input are zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   scharr
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes a warning to stdout .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  write   edit
truth:  print   a

test:  time-frequency representation using epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a transform list of charts bits of the given string .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  replaces the provided secret with values of secret instances .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  hidden   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine the process a given process under a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  processes comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts any urls to an internationalized name .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert str to unicode .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  convert   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a wsgi application object from a cgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  like   function
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return indices of the zeros of an expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  elementwise   fixture
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the server .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver name and picks its most significant version .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case where there are no concurrency to upload an instance/module .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  model   a

test:  set value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a overload instance corresponding to the given image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists information .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  selected   get
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools for redis pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts arg to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  provides a full fields as a string that doesnt need to be made as a producer .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  writes   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the batch action action action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache for a cache object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the information returned by a salt jid jid the job id to store configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  moving   flask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a symbol into a dataframe suitable for use in tests .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   list
truth:  split   split

test:  usually messages given topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  process   null
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the text should be done as a standard column .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back to a destination zip zip file .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  test   test

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  compile   x
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the edge connectivity of g and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a implementation of the support data passed into the protocol and "features" .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  a simple view that returns a nice status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get exit file notifier .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile by name and return it .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return true if the current user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download an existing notification for a createinstance resource .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   find
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load config file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  builds   configuration
truth:  validates   validates

test:  displays msg .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  writes   send
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs available to the given results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show cassandra cassandra version of cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  show   show

test:  convert the text of a document into a dict of documents .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  build   newlines
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade setuptools and python 2 .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  upgrade   python
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a pair of variables from a dict .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   create
truth:  index   index

test:  return the correct binary binary address of a given network address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  check that a user is cron by a cron user and mask to check the sort of cron .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies that the ip address is contained .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  loading   verifies
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented number of seconds .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot for a monitor .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get a http field value .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  search   function
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the sdk .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate that a color version of an r color is a color version of the current file .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict __repr__ which confirms to be passed .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  build   shortcut
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  populate   model
truth:  model   model

test:  verify that the specified configuration is enabled according to the configured name of the state .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  uploads a single application file from the local resources .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  setup   git
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  check a dotted name .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  log a file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  saves   file
truth:  logs   logs

test:  simplest possible headers that checks the vary headers .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  launches a new web server .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  output   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for login to see if the user has completed successfully .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  retrieve location of an image location .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test that all buckets buckets are found in the :returns: document .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list all the directories under the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding local case to the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a standard function object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a spectrogram .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general fourier transform of f .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a string value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a size of any utf-16 into a fraction object .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing coefficient of g .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  simple wrapper to check if a list of strings can be treated as a list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel of two continuous variables parameters d1 : array-like input scalar .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with only one expected expected arguments .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  build   wrap
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the number of common devices for a given scsi bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pair
truth:  computes   null

test:  filelinks: import a module by default .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   python

test:  return a list of country country codes by name .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  normalize   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve filter .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  convert   stop
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against against t and all its derivative .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  errcheck generation function for decoding through a different a[l .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page to the user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  null   view
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  turns   task
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  decodes   quotes
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the grade grade is done for the course .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  display   check
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that a title is a string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validates   variables
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through all explorations services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   error
truth:  register   a

test:  print a list of required containers and their required containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  getstatementrange -> str return the source location of the source code .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  true if the given path exists and is a directory .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the list of files in the given demo .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieve list of unmounted unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list from a raw name .
truth: get slug . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students responses and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  use this instead of urllib .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  add   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change taxa data by lag-polynomials a taxa file .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the element attribute of the decimal and decimal it as a slice .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  add   set
truth:  set   set

test:  given a series of arguments connected to a post-order on one of the objects passed by the function .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set the locator of a contour .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieves   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a concatenated cipher .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  caches   caches

test:  generic search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function or class definitions with blank lines after two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  byte output of docstrings using docstring given by case .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  see   null

test:  return the number of failure used for the solver .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  null   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a compute node by its id .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the size of n authn authn generator .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a missing which name to use for the application .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer to a percentage of bytes .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  simplest possible headers that verifies the vary headers .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  group a sequence of values by values into a dictionary .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  randomly do a random sampling of the given game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vlan decorator which sets a vlan to be passed as a vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options used for this alternatives .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  form   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment path .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts a list of keywords from a lexer .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  a test that tests the separated by the test .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  combine   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  returns true if the operation of the operation can be checked .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  load the version string or caches if it is installed .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  list   function
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set the global ui class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dict of tasks statuses for all tasks and tasks .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  try to infer the fnpickle .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  return   python
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  checks for a rule which matches the rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a median from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  drop   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy settings .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  will check if the message is a list of message interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  to   load
truth:  return   return

test:  create a link for functions which will be generated by the given route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  testing   testing

test:  update an asset asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  null   up
truth:  creates   null

test:  only skip test if lms is true .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  a toy server which three 1 of http response code is to assumes a http response .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  query   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  directly call a function inside a grain directory .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan for processes listed in the path .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  helper method to cache the desired subnet to an existing subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given an iterable of dtype objects .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  detects   string
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  simulate   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  test event handling .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  return a set of definitions .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write all the request with a single pt-br harness .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   null
truth:  output   output

test:  get the type of the program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  have   null

test:  get a separate function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sign an object signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  get a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load metadata types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  password   element
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a certain quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns mercurial profile image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the system login class of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output print output to stdout .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  block   default
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper for a method that marks a instructs view .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if 2 can be a python module .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy implementation of thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  take   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  read a string from the given file name .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  removes   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of urllib .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a value to the make a variable .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass of the supplied string .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for import tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  block the packages which are currently active cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  see   a
truth:  block   a

test:  replace and saves the given file from a json container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   weights
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterate over all objects .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  export from a list of documents to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  attribute   create
truth:  export   export

test:  get all volumes belonging to a host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a raw filter to a filter object .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  for each row of and header fields .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  null   get
truth:  compute   image

test:  returns the sum of an array along given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python axis .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  renders the single admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  print   null
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a bytes file size into a human readable form .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the vms that are not loaded .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   quotas

test:  finds expansion of the start and end of a property .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  configures   verifies
truth:  -   -

test:  accepts a string as a list of tuples .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   google

test:  like unicode but leave leave .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  run   set
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   instance
truth:  update   update

test:  list all available package layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  tool is only tool with compressed matches the points in the partial pre-op .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   regression

test:  the main function runs the command in a dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  takes   restore
truth:  nested   update

test:  set the list of assignment cohorts for all cohort that are passed .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for image summary view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of a vector field computed wrt the new axis .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  make an authentication certificates for use with the app api .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  store media files and all files made up to document and cotangent .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  store   store

test:  helper for project .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test that installing a local setup from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  docstring   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  run the given stream and return the standard output .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  split a set of keyword arguments into a set of sub independence .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  extract   split
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from a secgroups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  delete   a

test:  recursively resolves a possible node to all the possible result .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  if   null

test:  writes the message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  null   message
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the given path .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id or instance id or instance title .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries into a set of entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  function   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return an absolute name matching a namespace with the given namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return unique file name for file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a list of public-facing objects .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified cron job is absent with the specified path to the user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   regression
truth:  get   a

test:  print the message to stdout .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the viewfinder details from api set .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the path to the review log profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  backup   find
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transform a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  transform   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a proxy function for making a route .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as containers .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that makes a function same function as the argument to a function as the time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  run   run

test:  setup a hyperion platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the native entry in a python list .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return default config or tab directories for paths .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ip address on a server .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path of data .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone of a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   masquerade
truth:  bind   bind

test:  works like :meth:url_encode .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  docstring   function
truth:  display   a

test:  delete a global task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to check if the current sessions from the request .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   read
truth:  removes   null

test:  write statistics about a skeinforge file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  record   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the s returned by the given number of values .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip an entity file using the csv of a csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves configuration .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  null   version
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to a cluster checkpoint order specified in .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  writes   aggregate
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a timeseries is a timeseries of all possible items of a timeseries .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  truth truth value .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return an aws connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that applying a bug of saturation operation on a single cpu matrix .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve all resources for a given resource .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  find   find

test:  test for social plugin tests .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   links
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to indicate that methods are allowed when functions do not get an error .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the simple_unlimited_args distances inertia .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  project   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that all pairs in dict to dict to check that they are configured .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create or update a volume cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  copies a linear equations to general random variables .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  list   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a fif floating-point to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   generate
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a specific package version from a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  determine the current local path for a local client by the local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string representing two styles .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command inside a given shell command .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  generator that takes a list of search tuples and returns a generator of complex values .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  to   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the contents of all selected archive .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two different phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   a
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block indentation for a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  force   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  changes all volumes usage in a time .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  retrieves   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return an discovery entry for the given category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the surface of an action function .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value that would be returned by the appropriate string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape partial matrixbase arguments .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  look for options in the sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper function errors to function errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  format   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  copy   table
truth:  applies   null

test:  turns the q plugin into a readmodifywriterow plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of a vboxmanage name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test average specificity using verify_user function .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta beta to the beta ridge by beta .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  rank   pick
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common common path from path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept for a given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  to   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  look for a file by locate and return its path .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator for checking if a user require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this reads the length of a variable used for computing the solns .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the root and build the root instance of a scopes client .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a syntax .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  round a digital mode from a mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer to uint .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve cache information about projects cache directory .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   project
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if any of the filename matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to amazon configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decode hexadecimal encoded encoding into unicode .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a list of example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  list   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that no scripts needs to be listed in leak order .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  sets   multiple
truth:  test   test

test:  method to fix a method cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  read this text .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  return   task
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get a base path for a base class by name .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string with sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  add   null
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array of samples drawn from a tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  wrap sending sending with an channel .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given a theano variable without the big big method .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if version is available and the version number table .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the dacl of the users on this minion cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  create   owner
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure a specific option value exists .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  make   parse
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   log
truth:  deletes   image

test:  helper method to update an exploration and put it in the contribution .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  inverse of the synced .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic function of the input variable .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python source file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generate   module
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the default app for entering a context variable .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   string
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface interface to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generic view for adding a querymanager to a project .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns whether the object is a unicode string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download information from a zone .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   device

test:  return the current coffee to memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  null   load
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of a temp module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to set aws access key from aws script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   user
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always returns true if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  label encoding for dft functions parameters x : array_like .
truth: given data x . 
test:  converts   compute
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of a container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data on a specific selinux cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   get
truth:  run   run

test:  calls external command to merge the load balancer with the given options .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  run   command
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  gets the configuration of a given command .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the backup dir for a given location .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the south object .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  block a remote connection with the timeout of the given deferred .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  block   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a row from a json row of json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  create   python
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a worker that will raise a coordinates if it doesnt exist .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  create   create

test:  print a list of all baremetal nodes in a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   list
truth:  print   print

test:  url decodes a key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   downloads
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   use
truth:  test   test

test:  return the trimmed value of the mean along a given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  modify responses to a course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  null   get
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of the inverse transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function for access to unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  unicode   works
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry point of the main script .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  runs   call
truth:  sets   sets

test:  modify the brightness and time series of cross-covariance .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  null   op
truth:  defines   null

test:  returns true if the object is a class or tuple .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a color for columns .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  c{testsuiteorcase} the given linktype .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression expression rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check whether we can introspect to query a connection .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save and restart an http plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a toy available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  list   dict
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask which matches x 1 .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  formats the time to match the changes in the alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of the response that supports seekable equal to the response .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a table of columns required by the feeditems .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform data into a dns message value .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   tool
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a number is a valid number for a specific region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the given version is running under where to the afe running .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an instance to override an event handler .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  cause   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  seconds   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare the device by the provided device and train it as a train parameter .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  select   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  connect error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setraw -> str return a standardized nearly-identical when an error is given .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  put   put

test:  returns a single graphs of the graphs in edge order .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string of a decimal number .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a string of all the items in the given string by the argument .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant field with the passed value .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   -
truth:  push   a

test:  print the environment for each request .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate vertices for a quadratic bezier bezier points .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces space character references .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   part

test:  build a dictionary for unknown unknown type based on the given location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the tarball by the specified name .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  make   up
truth:  create   a

test:  create fill fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  return the number of hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  build a query to convert a query string .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the range of a range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  call fs with the given arguments .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the bokeh tests .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  start   function
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  heatmap a sine estimate of a zfs dataframe with the provided options and and and make a zfs on a time .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to raise skiptest exception if mkl is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to obtain the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the base64 encoded headers .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from internal .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals integrals s(z) and cosine fresnel .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  create a random string of salt_chars characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that obj is acceptable in python executable .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  this wrapper wraps func .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  find all tests in a given prefixes .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   a

test:  given a class name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv with respect to weight .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a constant or constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the shell tests .
truth: main program . 
test:  function   run
truth:  null   program

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non sparse matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the node of a node .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the packages stored in a package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the given string is a valid tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the base data for the given directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the scaling of the scaling apps can be set by default capacity .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   create
truth:  if   url

test:  version of obj .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the "nearest" "nearest" using the cpp given an exponential function .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if n == squares a sum of k can be a sum of k .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  take a number of value and get a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  query   null
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of sub lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional sentence to disjunctive .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   create
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  get the terminal action -> int .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  find   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a generator field name .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a csv file exists .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for opennebula configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash for a cleaner module .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract id and segments for a token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  log logging modules used to identify some threads .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  null   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a list of element trees to a tree of linked nodes .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  outputs a date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  output   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  unpacks a list of dicts or a string as a mask mask .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in bytes to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the item cache .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   item

test:  decide whether the given package contains an atom for the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock from a space-separated id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the latest version of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test for isproxy .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to an app error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the class of a class which is true if the given class and is a dynamic class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a function in a thread and return a deferred with a normal thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for use in post form .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete an imagemember image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  coerce x to json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   json
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert value that can take into an on/off key .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable an volumes volumes from a sites object .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert a pair to a native string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds a task to the queue .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  return   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  cspreport cspreport cspreport cspreport for api json cspreport .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  sends   builder
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for log translations .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  rq the response .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  function   a
truth:  code   code

test:  construct the mirror name of a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if the values are equal up to equal .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   modules
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a os map to a list of strings .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into the service name .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build a offset from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python file name .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  update   update

test:  return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vbd from vm and vbd and vbd with vbd .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   custom
truth:  create   create

test:  identify first origin format using the given path .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  download   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  extract messages from page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the vlanids to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  count the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  send   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a set of all float dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a list of mapping strings to colour-coding colour-coding of mapping strings and returns a dictionary of dicts .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  checks if the specified jid is a valid string .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a cluster options from a cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  null   need
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a list of steps for all steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  block   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks whether a given string has unrendered errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add func to log messages .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   handler

test:  return true if the given list is made up of arbitrary arbitrary .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates an http url for an http method of the client .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a string of random chars .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice object for the given object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  object   unittest
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds the keyboard key to a url to the final url of the given key .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of data separated separated by a batch of indices and returns a batch of help args: data : list of arrays .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function parses a list of tags of tags to see if it can be any other tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  generates a base url for a domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   example

test:  transform classpath classpath into a given url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the environment for os .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  if   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  convenience routine to make the client output .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set source account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the requests options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a container namespaces which fires a container namespaces .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   split

test:  compute zero for a set of *t* on a set of zero indices .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   row

test:  compute savgol filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate arrays along the arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  assemble an error logs from a mysql push .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  input   input

test:  return the url to display for a given url .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  -   link
truth:  get   get

test:  convert protobuf image to a protobuf .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

