test:  counts the list of classes that has a given suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test that the missing probes dictionary are the same as db .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds paths to the theme for the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   show
truth:  add   locale

test:  function to guess a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert files to [sanitize .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a python string with the given file path .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a gnu triangulated surface file from the specified surface .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   statistics
truth:  null   bottom

test:  steps a screenshot of a scenario with the given name .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  are   a
truth:  null   method

test:  find program and *currentmodule* to an action .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  dispatch   counts
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this fixture to change the site config file .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   fixture
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for methods which are not implemented in a class .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  parse the date/time date string from the specified string or date and time .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() mainloop to be run using twisted .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to path for the '/results/' .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  a directed strategy to generate nodes given a directed in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the random user id on the random uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  set   grain
truth:  process   process

test:  combines a list of dictionaries that can be slaves but needed to wsdl the user is valid .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a new helper that produces only payload to vault .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an error matrix and a 2d vector returns x : theano tensor returns x : ndarray or an rgb image if x is a multiple of x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  given   spatial
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  the left by left bits in the left bits .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  left   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  deletes the authentication level tokens .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  deletes   log
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace the given content and line-feed characters with newline characters .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   change
truth:  fix   line

test:  check localization .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  strip a webapps field from a given keywords .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  strip   split
truth:  split   split

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  get the absolute path from a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  grabs and stores a intersection of post types that can be used as a client for binding .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  starts   request
truth:  request   request

test:  return a number of seconds containing a slice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  take   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  gp triangle of a subset of "deep .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert x and updates_series into a new .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the page fails .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply two values of a trivial filter matrix .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  highlight   multiply
truth:  decorate   a

test:  builds a shell-like patterns from a textual patterns and returns raw patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  this script works when the main method is running or a script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   time
truth:  start   start

test:  generate explicit explicit indices of minimum indices .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  yields   null

test:  this function is used as an integration application configuration file or glir .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a django value for the given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  null   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a null dict for next group type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  search   paths
truth:  defines   null

test:  map network to a fundamental generated by the known routes .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  send haproxy backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   requests
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  given a python object .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  name   a
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file containing the remotes of the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make matched text functions .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a higher entry point structure with an option .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  computes   scale
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying a variable passed to the context .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  render a user from a default user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  use   function
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task context is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the nth covariance of the probability covariance matrix .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume call .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   mark
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this function makes a lambda function which always work with a third .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset the task tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   calling
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  return the indices of the factorial function based on normal distribution .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  using   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compare two dictionaries to d2 between two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  adds   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of item into a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  convert   a

test:  function to exit a thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  to   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  given a multiscope .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  given   url
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around the namespace to get an instance of the namespace .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  color   format
truth:  simplified   version

test:  send the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  send   reboot
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  generate a random column that generate a random column .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove data from whereroutein .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  remove   projects
truth:  enable   enable

test:  fake password parser .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  password   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get absolute path of the directory where 1 is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  handles users error handling for the client .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   api

test:  get the current scp setting the given iterator .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  get   download
truth:  run   run

test:  this method is always use by loading monit to set namespace methods .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   file
truth:  use   use

test:  return the python generated by executing a python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find the arguments in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the next ports local ports of the given job .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  compare two objects decomposition of obj .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  compare   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  native native property or sets the python object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  reflect   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating dominated sets a directed graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a possibly binary structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  connected   remove

test:  this method is used to simulates the url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable the details of ec2 term with opennebula .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  authenticate against the drac .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  tuple   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a set of objects that are in the same .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  lock   connection
truth:  set   x

test:  returns the partition of the partition of the partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the name of the block device by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the shared fragments of the given string .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the main file .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the tmp folder to a file path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all flight access .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests if port represents a port number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of a pred[u][v] .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  converts the encoded records for matching python version .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  cycle   sections
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  this is a decorator that converts package/module inplace .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  constructs   collection
truth:  replace   a

test:  takes a path and returns a string with the user-specific config .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the credentials to the tenant service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue str for given message .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  fall only .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether two axes are inside the same as the user point was done using the process .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  using   database
truth:  function   function

test:  sleep and delay for the specified number of gevent .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active view that displays a list of objects .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load pickled object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   shortcut
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  string   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints a translation for value given value .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  set the default time .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   database
truth:  update   update

test:  fitness for standardized .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  handles the specified exception name to handle protocol code .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  creates file for utf8 .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list of all commands that can be searched .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   environment
truth:  return   return

test:  change the name of a group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore the spider associated with the primary key .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets a generator that returns the compiler of the given ipv6 types .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to validate an exploration .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  function   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within no snippet .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  looks up an task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   a

test:  combine the given list of python-social-auth .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match cache names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  writes the given stream to standard out of the pack stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  verify   reader
truth:  object   object

test:  with potentially rendering making sure we generate a test .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  used   override
truth:  override   override

test:  build the server url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  uninstall uninstall-before-upgrade from svn after installing from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple function to return a list of member .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  act the path to the customization packages jail : the name of the sysctl packages to be installed on the command .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  installed   parameter
truth:  displays   null

test:  ynm -> returns a new row of n and theta .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   definition
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync sync modules from salt://_grains to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   grains
truth:  sync   sync

test:  return available formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  replace   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  match   function
truth:  view   helper

test:  print out the object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  print   core
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the specified type for the specified type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a fake database connection .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   snapshot
truth:  to   null

test:  strip (as and contaminated .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  compute   compare
truth:  to   utility

test:  <x-left> and evaluate the argument arg .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation for the current auth .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  override   override

test:  filter source files and get the contents of /_cluster/nodes .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  dictionary   fetch
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wrap visually in module if they are true .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the vmware environment .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot builds screenshot test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  manipulate   strategy
truth:  null   null

test:  escape all urls within a list .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   string
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle stringio .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  function   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  get the callable used as a callable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a unique code snippet .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  order   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  deletes rpm process .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the ca list for a list of slice .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if all registered arithmetic operator is found .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize datetime object to json so that it can be printed before reloading it .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  show the contents of a scene .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  show   changes
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait for a value to be a single function .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  get a javascript pipeline path for the current container settings from the xmodule .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  send message to the given message .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  capture   i
truth:  email   email

test:  the template list is a template and fetches all templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  null   template
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert variable to variable or stack for x parameters groups: : writeme returns writeme .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  are   like
truth:  casts   a

test:  get the context manager that requires the given output .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network in the specified network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  with colorless output .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   dict
truth:  testing   testing

test:  extract all value from displayed shouldnt be displayed .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  format   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the document revision to perform it in the document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge shuffler plugin fields to an instance of plugin facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  dictionary   assert
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test whether 'eth option is present on vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  transform a hash of css data .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract the specified individual from the constants .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a query using groebner .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  given   coefficients
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the version of the string and return items .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  returns whether user is the int or not .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test maxchanges .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  constructs a calendar in a calendar for a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  constructs   up
truth:  persists   new

test:  make key for main loop found .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  batch   convert
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the existing file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns netstat .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a document replacement for the document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  document   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether the database exists .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  passes   query
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns each item as a list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  if   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a for html .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  converts   a

test:  validates several and project .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  delete   a

test:  return sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   sys

test:  generates the packbitstmp coefficient .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a pickle file from an xmodules .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  calls pooling .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  calls   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  function   function
truth:  print   print

test:  return a relying party verification xrds document .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the 'device 'device data .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of non-zero elements in a set of a string .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a string to a value .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display an alert form with a rotation window & returns the text for the featured use .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  does   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects list .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return the identity function that can be extracted from obj .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve a function or function to be called in database .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of x .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom images with new images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to a buffer .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  sets   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate 304 since request .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if the translation client for a given unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the lookup argument specification .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   force
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a generator for each list of lists in a reference to each reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test error raised if the error is raised .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  error   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  add credentials to a dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  check   execution
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of model object for the given section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all directory from the given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  load   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  reload playing the source files along the given history directory .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   reload

test:  builder -> iterator return the first element of the given list of first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the path/method rebuild is initialized by theano class .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a python package filename return a list of all available python data structure with the specified package in init .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the ec2 metadata object .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a sequence of byte words .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a set of half that can be sent .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  read in the entire syntax using text .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   read
truth:  run   a

test:  convert an entry to a list of strings .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the pool database for the current database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  encode   task
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists on application .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events that have not been acknowledged .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a sysadmin .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  convert   progress
truth:  is   null

test:  checks whether the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  checks   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with hold arguments and return it .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  null   null

test:  try to decide which ids are not a list .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure contributors ids in contributors and permissions match the contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks access to users .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to format the date string and returns a datetime object of date dates unix date string or none .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate nodes of shortest cost from a graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it should extract undefined result as undefined .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenario

test:  production a cluster with a collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  allow   sample
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  takes a sequence of tuples and returns a list of .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert an integer representing roman .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  the exponential function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  null   path
truth:  null   null

test:  routes a given course_id .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  shows   apply
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a host from a list of host ips into hex string .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wrapper around command .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a user is deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  looks up the command line on the system .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a unique argument .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure up the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  hack   replacement
truth:  remove   remove

test:  equate = { consumer for mne multipler .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a system path to a package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete the latest config file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  update   head

test:  get sass to the sass directories for a directory .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  just like user:pass@host#profile:port but conform components .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  default   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a file path for given page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the module credentials as a given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns otu map of a otu map file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all available editable to the editable server available for the user .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read all thumbnails directories in source files .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  read   try
truth:  return   a

test:  imports an module based on a string path to the specified path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be used to create an offline windows image .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return the volume name based on a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install and return a command-line .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   data
truth:  obtains   null

test:  check for tail in lucene .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage information about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the list of all containers that belong to .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a clonespec snapshot from a vm .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   standard
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  abort   scale
truth:  null   bottom

test:  utility to format all keys from an iterable of values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member are logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   use
truth:  ensure   null

test:  evaluate the two elements of a matrix p .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  get the correct instance keys for a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a window for win_id helper .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  providing   function
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  returns a matching selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that the par1 of a random elemwise file is dynamically existing by a random transform .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download data for logging using $ rotation a: features .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return the file path for the given filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign twice to the lhs function .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   lhs

test:  merge given state learning into a rank tensor composed of inputs the new output [0 .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  lists metadata for a search query .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  use   image
truth:  get   get

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  replace all the targets as a directory .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  rebuild   read
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  function   assert
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  create a context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  which annotation is not empty .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a collection representation of a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the network .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the qemu-user fragment is a link to the given url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  list all lists of lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  list   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  initialize   null

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  json['definitions'][ project_time -- returns note that the note on the note using the specified api .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  spectral rankvals of the points of the vectors .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  coordinates   columns
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get the scan value for a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  run text from the page .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   update
truth:  input   input

test:  convert a path to its canonical .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new tenant and checks that the given tenant exists .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the common neighbors of two nodes in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to setup timer object .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   up
truth:  function   function

test:  translate the given certificate to a regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test some traversal of the external traversal .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  log   method
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare compare two dictionaries .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  factory for clustermanager class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a quota project to either 2*x or false .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a dictionary of fields for a given dict .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  given   null

test:  display font layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   function
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the metadata of a user of its blobs .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the sending of the desired auth .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  make node lines from data as a sample table .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  adds initial workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses soap modules in soap format .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  format the output of an image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  sorts status .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  order   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the gamma function by diagonal interpolation .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test remove_from_figure with upload comic .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a subscription for one or more projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method helps you can add keyword arguments to track the stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  log   stream
truth:  spawn   a

test:  remove a more than one .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  to   index
truth:  null   null

test:  update a qutebrowser password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  update   change
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that instance of the list of available indices is supported .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  formats   serializer
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all the jobs cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  signal   content
truth:  sends   a

test:  dummy view for testing response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  duplicates   file
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a return a dictionary of attributes to be returned as an state functions .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  map cli example: .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  decide   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  the cpu will check to see if the cpu flags are available on this system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  flags   null
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a list of targets that correspond to targets[ sequence .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on linux .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   everything
truth:  work   work

test:  return the stmt we know for a given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  enforces type of json data from the database .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  the attributes stored in tuple of xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   null
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  removes a rule from the method call .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json object for given stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for debugging methods that adds the exception thrown by cc .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch --> stdcall 2 .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   method
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is active via calling components .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the proxy .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factory and invalidate the hash file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata from a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return input array of lists for the last element .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  input   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection of zookeeper group_type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  use   parsing
truth:  build   build

test:  get the x ratio ratio of tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy the accuracy of two one score for maximizing .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   sample
truth:  null   classification

test:  return file uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate that the configuration is a valid configuration .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function takes a function and returns a tuple .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  function   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a row in the database .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  enable the blob key to create an instance .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  stores   stores

test:  list file names .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  file   a
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse authentication token information from a python response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a dependency block based on their underlying fields .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  resource type kind based on the target function .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the result['encoding'] description of a line in place .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split and converts none to 2d hash parameters k :  .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  do   header
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representation of a date and returns a string .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  join   wrap
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test a grid according to a given axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert script cant write to v2 playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   properties
truth:  open   playlists

test:  ensure that a resource does not exist .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  append the first .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  write   custom
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns a new observer object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the targets that are assigned to the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of a generic vm cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   render
truth:  execute   a

test:  get all the number of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to return a trainable cpu time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  to   check
truth:  given   a

test:  mac address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  count   format
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the currently logged-in user has the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict of old engine objects .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   force
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps and so that it can be retained by the argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  wraps   return
truth:  null   quote

test:  check if a log from the specified url is present in delete .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack -> str get the new command returns a new one .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  import the table or table in table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  import   a
truth:  function   function

test:  make a test suite for testing .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add/update and left-strip .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   things
truth:  null   style

test:  takes a product for the domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create the name of the process with libc name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  send   close
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper function for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  leading   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  adds custom information to custom defaultdict .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  null   use
truth:  if   null

test:  join a tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compose docker data directories .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mock function to mock values .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  returns a list of the paths to find a given filename .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  to   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  check for a release test .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test for $home .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   test
truth:  mock   mock

test:  touch the given folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  trims log array of data along the estimate of x .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  log   volumetype
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get a versioned version of a resource .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get tuple from inside the given space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  make the data for selected times .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call pathname on all sp .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  call   handler
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  splits a file into a temporary output .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  extract   open
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   shortcut
truth:  register   register

test:  return the users cache key .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   list

test:  do a base url to the underlying one .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  join   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a string containing network configuration dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call the os .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrap a numeric range of a python schema .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes a fake exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  call   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary location .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  the largest integer dkey message using a dummy variable .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  the variance squared results from mean .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to select deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the specified reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  install   a
truth:  start   start

test:  return the environment variable from the given node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a value to an enum type .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load a path using path .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   return
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller - used by hits .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  sorts list of whitespace characters into a single space .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  list   sequences
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the standard normal cumulative distribution of n the boolean array .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  list all packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   runs
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic and wait for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a trigger type db object in the db given one definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a file name to a canonical name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   name
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the partitions of n is a valid faa faa .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make a runtime is a dictionary of attributes .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  if   null

test:  starts an crash .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  null   crash
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is done by the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  render a string to mock .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the test case for the current context .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  sets   index
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the current xml setting cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  place   null
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit user .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value of the instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the storage for the given service .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  creates a saved controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   return
truth:  creates   classes

test:  returns a decorator for a list of positional attributes .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial nonnegative algorithm in a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   null
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all filters .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a vector of operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create an defaults for the supplied submission .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given log target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   find

test:  make a de with zero coefficients .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check the failure that the specified module is not equal to the python interpreter .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  check   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the app remote server info to allow it to check the app .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an array to scalar .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  indices   product
truth:  return   a

test:  function which accepts the character from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the path from the stream note that the query .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  break up a list of command .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  break   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a certificate dict .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns the windows win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective the user and visible to the course that are cached for the course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  output the hash for a template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  output   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns an error dict with the given error handling .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print an objects representation of an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   unicode
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add eeg to maxshield .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  xml   label
truth:  function   function

test:  take a function and return a target for target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  take   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all system include flags .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  this returns the default currency currency gets the default currency content .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return true if the specified service is running .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  return   return

test:  close matplotlib events for matplotlib events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   connection
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return true if the specified service is running .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the time representation of an object .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  to   connect

test:  set the inheritance for a given object to identify the dacl for the object args: path: true if inheritance is not found in the dacl : bool true .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes an decomposed dn as parameter and returns a new copy of the split tag .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes a function to raise a helpful exception if func is not send .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  build a docinfo with the correlation matrix .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  build   test
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find source files in sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  collect with various code 1 .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start the cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  run the password password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple index definitions documents from the last-modified or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot tpot function outputs the tpot rate pattern .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy data from a app engine apis .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the cache for the bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first item of a string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload upload url to a new database .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  makes directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to catch the wrapped function on the wrapped function when the wrapped objects with the same date .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  to   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a formatted descriptor object from the specified descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update an existing entry .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  simple function for handling the factorial .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  adjust   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n is selfridge of n .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  given   up
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate surface surface bincount .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the full file in the path .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return url to an item or a url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  url   url

test:  core function .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   use
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  set the doc time and the given db .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   crud
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that tests the use a oauth exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  use a oh function to get the data dict and simplify the object type does not add to the named feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  use   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that in-db and id are marked as pytest .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   a
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the lines from the given source code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  get a new dictionary for a 'visual' urls matching the url .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the file is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the x intersection of the segment inside a segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a time into a time .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify := .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns ssh ssh key key based on info .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  unregister   notification
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  start a webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  sends   display
truth:  return   return

test:  build all pathitems and build keys of keys contained within the namespace and returns a list .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the current relationship is blocked .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the value of the json device names into json using json body .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  project   in
truth:  parse   parse

test:  makes a file from filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator that expects the decorated function with a different context for the given context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculate the gwmt for each word in the wmt .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   file
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the variable value from repository interface .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  to   null

test:  create a sql string with comments .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   locale

test:  return a list of the items in the list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the subset of the item .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  perform   keys
truth:  if   check

test:  get current length of the current statistics .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  issues a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  powers   set
truth:  null   one

test:  do nothing to call this allows you to copy via the proper work .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the specified code is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single log stream .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   stubs
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a new symbol .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute argument flag .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  verfies   return
truth:  check   check

test:  allow response to be significance for when response is set .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  allow   attribute
truth:  attach   response

test:  create the gzip data for turning files into various data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  create   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return path to imp .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time representation of a difference object of a sound stocenv: indexes[ envelope timescaling: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  load and return the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  for a given tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  helper function to create app .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  delete all registered regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  remove   scenario
truth:  tear   null

test:  return all of nodes of n nodes .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes this image to a png image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph is cliques .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trim a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary version of target .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   binary

test:  multiply data into constant of the form of its size .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  extract from the module .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager that silences the crypto for the current context .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   one
truth:  context   context

test:  convert to numeric indexed string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the path to git .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  resets   null

test:  calculates the dipole dipole from a tuple of the model .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  using   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the html web page is installed .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  make   waits
truth:  test   test

test:  finds the field from a decompose record .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   query
truth:  finds   a

test:  get a python charts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  get   merge
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of formats for formatting codes .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  convert string to float array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  register a module to be used when the component details .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  label   find
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the desktop setting of idle cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the elements of a sequence between two 32-bit elements .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  remove   handle
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a list of etcd summary of the router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse of the inverse modulo compression .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  like   number
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns an interactive python shell is available .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task if user time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  formats custom interfaces to expand a handler to config .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  formats   field
truth:  figure   figure

test:  transform image rgb data to a pil image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  transform   image
truth:  color   color

test:  convert a key which will be used to override the current thread .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  convert   changes
truth:  generates   a

test:  internal helper to get a service from the application .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  to   create
truth:  get   service

test:  can edit a user change to the given model name .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the year and year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  calculate   equality
truth:  build   build

test:  test find-links when geometry is called with a geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  make a new api request to the given resp: .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a string in redis and tokenize into a list .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  credit: of a tensor of the human readable format .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a convenience function .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  null   version
truth:  does   null

test:  returns the tricomplex flag required for the given first element of the tricomplex tricomplex .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  get   get

test:  perform network level dimensions given two numbers .
truth: two branches . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file to a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get an object class .
truth: return method class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   method

test:  return array of data from an array on the sample data point .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return the current indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds years value based on djangos year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  adds   x
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python manifest that is a package in the package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  update   update

test:  render an entire value from a value .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the group of process uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  determines whether the given database tables and indices indices .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  wraps   commit
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   set
truth:  create   a

test:  a little helper to check if a window is today .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test to ensure we are of raw image .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the bipartite node of the given tournament .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise a function that raises an exception and returns the resulting exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  look   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth nth of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a string or bytes to its renderengine .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive cffi cffi .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the contents of a file named filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  read   read

test:  resolves any type field from document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  like   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  this is a number of commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a new dict from ns strings .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  extract   options
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  install the demo .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  install   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a int int into an int representing its 3 .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test for .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to read an mri params .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  to   core
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  find the nonce dataset .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  used   create
truth:  null   mine

test:  get little comma-separated between two locationglobal objects .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   transform
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns all weights from a set of points .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a sphinx string .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the torrent for x context .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  write   up
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert all logging to string as a dictionary .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt user to prompt values using a raw question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free polynomials of finite in gf(p) .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the empty dict with empty empty n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the ocean context to search for the given thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns cache on this minion cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  list   salts
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() mainloop to be run inside twisted mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  decode pem pem pem pem string into its pem component of the base64 certain data .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets metric for name from list of module in this module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   metrics
truth:  change   change

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   +

test:  mail mail into a list .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  null   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the content in the specified text .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform the url to a string .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convenience function to write the log file to the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  function to print out a list of strings .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  format a time in iso 8601 format .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we can skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   path
truth:  if   check

test:  long line candle .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  multiply a labeled polynomial using leading application-specific .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the string of the given codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  associate   set
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  estimate   callback
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  send message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   statistics

test:  safely decodes the resource stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  like   a
truth:  build   a

test:  determine where the pipeline lists are enabled .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  inserts   data
truth:  if   null

test:  read findkind node from node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   find
truth:  tag   tag

test:  looks up line amount of line strings .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  tokenize   changes
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirect to the user to the given response code .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  sends   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  attempt to load an object by a string like module .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  returns the key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current contents of the block blocks .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dont do anything .
truth: just return . 
test:  do   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the ps to use cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check if recaptcha is valid or return an recaptcha .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  submits   a

test:  parses input value and splits it into a set of nested lists .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert a python source listings into a python source response .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   parse
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level members defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that overrides the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  probability conversion of yes .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input input and return a deferred .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  model   rsa
truth:  read   a

test:  a property with a step .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   substitution
truth:  running   background

test:  get a list of all rules for a particular instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns a list of nodes having a directed graph in g .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch icon to the public config file .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return the daemon class based on its key .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course_key return the course we want to process the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the outgoing url to use in the db .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  send   url
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the template prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  note: this module is running on bootstrap bootstrap .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns an migrations using the recordings contained inside a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse a host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  given   a

test:  return the email address of the user .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  attempts to convert a certificate feature keywords in datastore .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  to   get
truth:  load   a

test:  return whether or not an error is over the database .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a graph using the specified root .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  to   method

test:  a generator that yields the file descriptors are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  refresh the despite .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  using   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  yields all python files required in base64 .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of a host by name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   way

test:  get a checksum of submissions from submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running only on --scenarios .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   load
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over a mapping of dicts and values without dropping any from more complex structures that values without dropping any complex but structures structures structures proto it and values without
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  removes k leaves of k from a list of k .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  convert a file based on the specified name .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver function to save all the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   sequence
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  implement all missing entries within a tensor a list of lists .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  implement   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  find all paths in the path .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts an instance from a virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get the loops points inside the loops which is located .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  add   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  take in the middle class and return the appropriate standardized version of [2] .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  take   correlation
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto u'ami-abcd request should be in spot order .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  rendering   implementation
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict to be used by the user .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   subscribers
truth:  list   muting

test:  gets the current user setting cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of function to determine the unspecified suffix for a given prefix .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  take a function for the indicated handler and invoke a together that behaves the handler for invoke .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  function   a
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper triangular page page methods .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes of the graph in connected components of a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dict of supported modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  moves files needed to a file .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a csr in the database cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  softmax of the given warning: warning: this is a function .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns if the data is a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return true if keywords is supported in git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  check if the address for an ip address exists .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  create   apply
truth:  to   connect

test:  details for files which do not use .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  by staff config .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  determine if host really supports ipv6 .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  js   null
truth:  check   check

test:  creates a xshape[ .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  creates   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  test that for gradient of iba loss .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  returns the views in recommended if there is an in-app account as that can be used and use the state of the state .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  migrate   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if expr is a wrapper around expr .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  looks up password using the client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  password   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the minimum edge matching the given edge matching the specified edge .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  replace xml to prevent text that should be escaped multiple of the given text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  replace   use
truth:  return   return

test:  pad the vstack matrix from a csr matrix .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove invalid or xml characters from a string with a single string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if this test indicates whether a test is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  return   a

test:  build a version string like requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a percentage of tokens and add the least two parameters: $ " .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  floats   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  take a list of terms of f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  given a candidate .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool on a bigip device and delete a specific pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create to create a user profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  sets the given fasta scores into a set of fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parse the amp header header and return a tuple with the /etc/hosts header information .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   accept
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a file to a list of the value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  process   set
truth:  updates   a

test:  translate cell columns into be sorted by the api .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection class .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a function to convert a feature to a dict .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  function   adjacency
truth:  convert   a

test:  automatically see if a tree is available .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get the route table for a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  print   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get environment dict from environment variables defined by subprocess .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns queue details of specified virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  return   a

test:  save resource id or dirty rules .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  splits permissions to use for an existing requirements requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new metric visits visits metric from google analytics and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the migration for the settings for the settings .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  set   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  make printing database .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests to ensure that hugs -34 field works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a dataset .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse s to private key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  s   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a list of unique tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  get   return
truth:  make   null

test:  build the job config file for a saved artifact .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  build   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to add a task to the wrapped task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   null
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements that can be present in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  return a domain suitable for display .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  save and make a message to the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  save   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the single vm of a vm .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local maximum connectivity between nodes and maximum maximum edge in g .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finalize a string to be the first api calls .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  place   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict of trees that potentially actual clades .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  use python in b0 mode .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  use   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return a list of all auth auth auth values .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  module
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  module   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all the counter that are in the generated .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean boolean boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the prune paramters .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the user is enabled and members are enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  returns   operation
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a vector to shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a system at_time the system will be reboot cli example: .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  run api reruns .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  add   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return either the matrix-vector version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an instance of the public draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the node is an xblock node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  evaluate a list of free intersections of p and free indices .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   digraph
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return the json object describing a vm vm : string type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  null   output
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a string representing the system and time .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  get review message if review is found in idexcept released .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  review   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse files from list of source and merge them into identifier .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find ptspupil matches the system .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   pvalues
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  returns request messages from the context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  request   marker
truth:  context   context

test:  returns the folder folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  like   test
truth:  if   check

test:  quote argument for every argument in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  copy a function or a decorator to another function .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  copy   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  patch a single node .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  run   a

test:  test that divides can be instantiated .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test test account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  to   routine
truth:  be   null

test:  formats an app .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  formats   pass
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the 1900 date and 1900 from the xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack string .
truth: net string . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  ensures   null

test:  given a list of sample endpoint .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a config from async views .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  t-ev model of the mean norm of a cdf at time in degree mode .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a file extension .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages with opkg info if possible for all packages options: refresh update ports with opkg before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   close
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the media-range units that contains weight ansi color .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  execute commands from a remote repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  create the dataset as an array of circular data .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  create   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a model instance for all existing user fields .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  this function is used by the detection reallocation .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a list of self-generated certificates .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  list   list

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  this function takes a list of string strings and returns a dict of empty strings .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validate that value is a valid config file type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a tuple of for a google row from the cursor .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the list of blob from a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates the function inside an array .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   method
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  cmd['stdout']ret['success'] a cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  join   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extracts an iterator on a list of strings .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extracts   iterable
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a delimiter 64bit delimiter format .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the vh code of a digest .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for issue validation .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   searches
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure our signal works .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  make   question
truth:  test   test

test:  turn an object into a standard encoding or keyword arguments .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  request   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a real size to an ras matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  apply   assert
truth:  make   a

test:  add http rule to a file .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   a
truth:  function   function

test:  move a token and matching expression .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  scan   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist for path .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient gradient with the specified css css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   a

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   use
truth:  if   current

test:  the options of each event loop to be created before they are not in the span .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  log   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  create an array with consistent raw transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  request user information about page .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  request   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send a string to a sequence of strings .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  send   messages
truth:  produce   null

test:  tests a simple bar with a simple axis .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   bar

test:  formats a value as a string .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  forces   a

test:  convert a list of dictionaries into an expression .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  computes md5 hash of the specified string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  initialize   encoder
truth:  using   encoder

test:  check to make sure an config is urllib2 .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a dictionary of all available locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the currently active cache object .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute tuple of all transformed font instances .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  scan   up
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write ignores data to standard out of odnoklassniki hashes header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   action
truth:  writes   null

test:  constructs a list of tuples from a collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the named user name a named user name username to modify links post to set to prevent post under cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: output by url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   google
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the given list of tuples of all scenarios .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of template_name for the given template path .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an instance of fabtools exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  if   check

test:  convert any ground domain of a polynomial in f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  get a list of objects for template .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  get   print
truth:  select   null

test:  load the mnist dataset .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a fiedler graph of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  change vote and related to the program in a single managers as a function for a script .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  change   parameter
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python shell in a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  mask the given ipv4 address to verify if the ipv4 address is a string .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  mask   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load information about the admin data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the full path to the template file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the 2822 likelihood likelihood from the tensor .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   assert
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  make sure library is installed and it is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle and post_update the largest singular value in the integer n times each time series with the specified individual is between 0 and post_update .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  model   response
truth:  mutate   null

test:  group command line options to specified cli example: .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   script

test:  determine if a specified text is actually unicode .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure that each column satisfies t or specified in numeric .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align t-test for s3 .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users handler .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   users
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the plots corresponding to label and labels .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of age data .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to check whether a number is too short to be a possible number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a extrusion to a file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  group dir for single text .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  using   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  for independent order .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  header   exponential
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  generate base object keys of an object .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the s3 name for a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] using zero in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to catch the mpd playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  test that certificate can be instantiated .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  test   boolean
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a decorator that identifies a message in a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  all items in sequence are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  salts a plaintext password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   password
truth:  hash   a

test:  decorator for adding partition caching to execution .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build an image with an option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  build   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the text with the characters of msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  using   test
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add image info for cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return whether the network routines on which the host belongs .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   network

test:  creates a specific stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  import   helper
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy the specified docstring with the given docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return numpy array which can be used to return a list of files within the shape .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   import
truth:  insert   identity

test:  start all .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  start   changes
truth:  loads   everything

test:  imports and returns a single module from the given module name .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  imports   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  adds current context associated with the given context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise x .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  work   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   file
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  ensure   view
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item | enum_item | enum_item | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make a function repeatedly .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return information about the device type from device .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  port   read
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert a float to int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  merges results from a value to a new segment file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecation deprecation warning where w is added to cause a class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header if charset is done in the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   set
truth:  add   character

test:  unset the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  predicate   test
truth:  called   null

test:  decorator to simplify a class to add a declarative class to self .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return an instance of the permission associated with the given project .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   information

test:  extract query queries from __namespace__ kind .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  displays displays post data as an username .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  run pylint from environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns text on the request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  text   example
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of all neutron data on the request .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the update scale returned from a update user .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns format name from datetime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode can be called with the right backup files in the path where the python interpreter was not evaluation .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  if   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  assert that the catalogue settings image is not used .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  server   asserts
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the hyperbolic derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  call this module .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  call   create
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  wait for a specified version based on python 2 .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test for issue #5617 when ctab functionality satisfies the escaped column or functionality .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent only once that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump all node nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   connections

test:  event static view to handle fetching the instance and stores it as a json object .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  check   check

test:  add the first word of the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  package   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  generate art variables used to generate urls for tpot specific ui was created with the desired ui was created .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  like x**n but for always returning a chunk of iterables .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   reduction

test:  process and send the incoming message after router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  process   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits of given limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively copies a dictionary where the keys has the same keys .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the backing device name with the specified hardware device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a session to the session file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor polynomials of a polynomials .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  map   discriminant
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts in the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  add a upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  add   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  checks users lti for an username and permission .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns the time function with both time and returns the resulting list of timeit objects .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a dictionary .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  raise   script
truth:  change   change

test:  ensure that the named vm is fully empty .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   a

test:  display view of djangos view in list .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an ipython string from the given ip address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  computes mean of the elemwise inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  function   function

test:  verify whether a list of local packages can be removed for a single user to set .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  verify   method
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct integer used for the application to check the image .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is valid utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   validate

test:  set the default loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  set   implementation
truth:  returns   new

test:  returns the sum of the runtime logic for the last update .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   http
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns the currently installed versions return the sql .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if obj is a sha1 chunks of a given object .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the date (q) for the given locale .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   a

test:  test laplace on an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  apply   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  removes translatable references for tensors .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  removes   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send and sends a queue to a single request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a list of html loaders .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allows you to add new device .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  extract   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image using various selections .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  convert a long integer representing a python l{int} .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a bash command to log fixed in a url .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   information

test:  creates a confirmation object for the event prompt we need to make it in an httprequest object .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  if   null

test:  scale an array to ascii hex encoding .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  set sys .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  set   render
truth:  import   custom

test:  test if a string is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  counts any cached text in the given header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  full integer details of a pretty connection and return its color .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  compares   validate
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate keys in function in one document .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   update
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up the stream from the stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   api
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the name of the prefix into unicode .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   application
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a new instance of a app .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the specified kernel is absent on the system .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to wait .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  remove leading whitespace from the given string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  remove   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  takes this validator and returns a dict of json .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  return an appropriate message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  registers configuration with the given bridge .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  to   read
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given two dicts that are including their members .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  given   set
truth:  compare   compare

test:  if env is enabled for the current request .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   export
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns css class built in a django field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extract the parsed 'document' trackinfo object .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  mini-batch python interpreter .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a remote method that does not catch with no longer exist .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run a packet packet mapping file .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  code   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  replace the transforms parameters into a argbreakelse .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse metadata apps from ftp or password the baseurl .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts hsv tuple on hsv scale to rgb scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   rgb
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  instantiates an instance of value within the passed value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if a list of time paths assigned to a list of paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   start
truth:  get   get

test:  instantiate the maximum likelihood criterion between x and y .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  make   null

test:  run a comma separated host set of esxcli or list of esxcli values from the host class .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parses previous infile into one or more choice header keys .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a field value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yield all ignored paths in the file or more files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  do   a
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   index
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for setting that fail if a specified index is present .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   git
truth:  enable   enable

test:  *func* *func* for logging exceptions .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  to   implementation
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a len() property value .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs of 2d inputs inputs with a set of 2d filters of a set
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  notify the job data with specified length and save them into a saved encapsulate function .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  notify   cache
truth:  store   store

test:  check if the given partition is skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  if   pass
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns a dict with all files we need to look at for glob from the given glob .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears all caches and storage .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   database

test:  get the splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if f is an polynomials of k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  returns the contents of a data argument by encoding and build it as a byte string from an max_dim list of interest and return the contents of the global data
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns the list of length we represent this primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the normal pdf evaluated at x .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  null   yann

test:  delete a batch from the specified table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  registers djangos engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  log   entities
truth:  register   register

test:  for each test runner .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  test   script

test:  returns the data from a pretty stream .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the scop pyfunction instance associated with the given object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find a file name from the finder .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  to   return
truth:  find   find

test:  a compiler that returns the next id .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the art to use as a p .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  email   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test cols['m']m .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run the test cases in the database .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  run   remove
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns a dict of filenames to each of the section in the section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  throws : conditional_expression | check_duplicates .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   stmts
truth:  function   function

test:  build a full test case to all arbitrary tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  if   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a generator of lists of weakly components in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a process of a process id .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for a given list .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the jw multiline jwt to help .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  function   file
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return hook for a given filter .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port from a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restores a postgres environment variable to the previous state .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   wrapper
truth:  restores   null

test:  check that creating a valid python bytecode format .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  check   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handles a cache object .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  handles   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the hsp[ of the given coord and type .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  render text with jinja2 commands .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  text   a
truth:  print   a

test:  interpolate a numpy rgb representation of the given numpy .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   content
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if an archive name is a considered file name .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when an action is passed a database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   stream
truth:  null   background

test:  extract html markup from ftp unspecified c{maintype} .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  transform   transform

test:  registers a pack pack as pack .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  track   up
truth:  setup   python

test:  prints usage information to stdout .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a diagrams generate a diagrams link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers located in a task in the specified location in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check api requests for extensions .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   function
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls children cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   list
truth:  disable   state

test:  unpack the given parameters for the given parameters .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  create a new service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints on each rule .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  select   null
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  contain any string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  displays a publisher using a working session .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   category

test:  test that creation .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   sys
truth:  test   test

test:  get a fileupload object from a file path of filepath .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the data from the slaves .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  int   first_contribution_msec
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a file difference between two texts .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service on the host .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  extract a local cidr folder .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  extract   code
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  given path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   windows
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  set the compatibility to use as present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  set   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  check a file path to a file .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  ensure   task
truth:  is   null

test:  check the logs to return the dict with 'nodes/{ data vm .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  get   get

test:  calls help and return a load-balancer based on the given module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  to   helper

test:  helper to set the key in the datastore .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  to   connection
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts to get the gross key structures .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   assert
truth:  access   access

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  null   setting
truth:  settings   settings

test:  load all valid data .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  load   multivariate
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a unicode string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  to   str
truth:  takes   anything

test:  remove a tag that can be passed to a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all compute ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  dry helper function to check if a dict is a dict of returnaudience geographic space .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pattern to write to the outputs to the prng file .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key from key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  basic scene and season exceptions that appear in show order .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return an factorization in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  algorithm   in
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a set of used ids .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly size .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces all c characters in the given data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  replaces   dependencies
truth:  to   try

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  verifies   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a time tensor into an array .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  move to end closest .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  randomly use of [2] .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  format   format

test:  attach resized to the acquire image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  resize   images

test:  parses a time formatted date into a datetime object .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks the exception in edited .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a specific test providers object .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if the user is at least one specified .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return square polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  order   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  helper function for made an event event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   log
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  convert keys into a packet['error packet string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  return   data
truth:  encodes   a

test:  send an api request to the testing api .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  landing page for views that uses the views .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   crud

test:  read from httpbadrequest line switch .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  read   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that simulates a temporary pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  load the benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  load   call
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if method is installed or equal to version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the current axes .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  fetches a list of tuples from the current option and merge them into an existing list of options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  fetches   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  return test program .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  return   set
truth:  runs   runs

test:  if generator is true .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve element which is marked and retrieve the list of files of the prefix .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available if the mysql module is available .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an 'oracle' by the query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  like   get
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns all lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a gradient or a string for the gradients of x .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum components of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the file filename into a directory as a zip file .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return a 3 path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a locale for the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  like   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of tuples to an instance that also work for all the state functions .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a dummy function for overriding to modify an arbitrary logger .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  null   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if and only if the given phone matching edges in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decides   null

test:  generate random data structure with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql notes: * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  returns an instance of services that connect to the given application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   authors

test:  format a decimal datetime or decimal datetime .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  test for integer values .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  calculate the total difference between a given points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  inserts   uses
truth:  order   order

test:  find the value of the argument in the argument .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  function   individual
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert some data to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  apply array to a new array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  align   null
truth:  store   store

test:  given a network model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  read the .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   a

test:  like plaintext .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  deletes   insert
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  works   replace
truth:  null   grain

test:  checks that paths of paths have an array .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a contextmanager that launches a temporary user on block .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get data from the table concerning the table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets filtered index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  null   index
truth:  null   null

test:  run test cases of axis .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  run   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  factory to bitcast a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  replace all objects and their block groups by name .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  named   find

test:  returns true if a message signature is valid .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  compares   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  both to border and alternative off the user has to do to dependence .
truth: update request . 
test:  adds   maintenance
truth:  request   request

test:  display link to weblate version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   render
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of fullname entries that are out of fullname .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a configuration config item .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  computes the current permutation of a matrix .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  computes   parses
truth:  permutes   null

test:  produce any separated collection from a inserting jar as a cookie .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a simple data structure .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  set a module case for a given module name .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   a

test:  handle price page .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  handle   callback
truth:  update   update

test:  skip a test if configuration is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  receives   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  are we being a string .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the action should be used .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  function   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the string from the file system .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   null
truth:  float   float

test:  return the length of the table names .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered database .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  check that the distance give correctly for tasks correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  this function finance up a 6j .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  function   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  registers a flag as the python object .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  plot out the lms on an axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the existing file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load a template into a file with the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  load   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  this function does logic methods for gamma methods .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pass in the full path to current full opts .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  calls n the channel names out of the cache .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  calls   names
truth:  cache   tip

test:  given the preferred .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  given   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  code common html call .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  call   translate
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given css data passed in is inline .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  return   return

test:  timeout for the callbacks .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test with normal table delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   table
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network graph of minimum network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as integer given an ip address string .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the text period of a key .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  append   a

test:  returns the index of a set .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests in a specific collection .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  validate a template and return a list of fields .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  validate   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove unique elements matching duplicate array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the given cache key .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   os
truth:  return   return

test:  return choose facts args: facts : existing facts to new facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the facts dict updated with the normalized facts dict updated with the
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  return   cluster
truth:  apply   provider

test:  use for acpi in order to disable a particular buffer bits .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move facebook .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get all ports available for this locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   set
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new page object .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return hyperbolic disjoint integer .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  if a new dictionary is a key from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the float by the elementnode .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the entity value from a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test find-links for a softmax class .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  regression test for bug schema; theta .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  get the xml proxy .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  define   a

test:  compute individual categories or categorize values .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  compute   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the url for the current revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single string of the command line .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if original release is valid and changed .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the hash of a certificate keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  use   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns the nonlinear representation of the specified oo .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  compute   compute

test:  replace price by instance types .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  replace   display
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two vectors text: arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the minions public key fingerprint hash_type the pem key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text to the output of the given color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  determine to ensure that value is always enough to be automatically applied to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  to   value1
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  import config .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  import   pyside
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if oob is a symlink object with the settings appended returns true .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns tags defined by the ast .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register a excel value of an supported excel mode .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   mark
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  always return a string .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send a notification to one of the backends settings .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   shortcut
truth:  send   notifications

test:  convert a actually description string argument to an object .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the state when the current thread points .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  create a gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  process a remote connections on the given pid .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  process   find
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the call to a certain event loop .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get inside inside autoscale and 2 plots .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a list of nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  generates all temporary paths in an open set .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  serve the best primary key pattern matching the given request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decodes and parse base64 encoded meta format .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command-line tool for http instance .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  allows   point
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns true if dbms should be a ts .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   sequence

test:  yields all the directory where sff is in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  yields   compare
truth:  return   a

test:  this like capital return the version of a capital .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  like   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  for each line in list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  null   values
truth:  given   a

test:  get the time formatting object from a datetime object .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  gets   date
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a doctest for test with different base name .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  is   a
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file with the db .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the simulation sphere parameters .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper method to get a list of user information from the course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a value .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a 1st order linear order linear differential equation with order coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   use
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add pentity to disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   file
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the entire version of the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  reports for an album that returns an album object .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  recursive   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a scipy to a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove previous jobs from path .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the raw test .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  override a string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  this loads a specific check from the specified path .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copy files from one sample destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  murray code to ptr'] .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  code   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get the resolved level of the cache .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  get the user we want to return if a user can view .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  get   method
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns media id from resource and a list of media fields .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload document using a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  defined in successful backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator function to sleep digit fragments .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  function   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  attr_gt   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  test that annotations are different correctly .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the ca ca file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  start running a python object .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  header   file
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update command summary of ipmi or foreign file .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   set
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a datetime object into a string .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  get   date
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  pipe triangle of it raises an exception .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   read
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string as a list of optional indices and converts them into a list of optional field .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister the given agent using the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check the color with c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  wraps command to write the given command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  to   null

test:  page = a notebook .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  =   return
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the list of candidates for the given feedbackthreadanalytics .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a model applied by a model as a datetime .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  to   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the current host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating 'pid' json representation .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the current alternate setting of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of testtools .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  patch   new
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle based tm .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   user
truth:  load   tm

test:  check if bem solution is bem .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  load   up
truth:  create   a

test:  takes an image from a file .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  parses   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to return data info with dtype and attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  return a rule representing the daemon .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare the encoder with encoder .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus residual model fs .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the a key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  add user information to keystone cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  if   notify
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function :math:varphi(x) = frac{1}{1 + e^{-x}} parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a plugin plugins .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  generate a optimum on an undirected graph or forest .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the node value from node list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new pants class to obtain the classifiers description .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake route with admin anonymous members .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  construct   create
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  converts the given result to an sql date alternate dtypes .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all autoscale groups cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the apostrophe key is available to be able to the current image .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the global file to use to record the current axes .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  handler to do basic instances .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  handles   encoder
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cancel cancel template variables that appear in the following line .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  joined   a
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify datetime .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  scan all files in a pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  scan   remove
truth:  files   files

test:  return a tree representation of output nodes .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  return   display
truth:  print   tree

test:  clear all sub-directories cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to child .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  is   null

test:  only work on macos with utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run this test .
truth: test program . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to create a jar and run it with a jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  usage: around signal handler which allows to stdout .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  signal   runs
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a single channel string from the given channel and return a dict .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete all installed machine_name made from the translation .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  convert to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  given a version switcher .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  turn   dictionary
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a key/value pair into a time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  encode some text into some text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   temperature
truth:  test   x10

test:  get the string to default .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return file path of executable .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  derive   ini

test:  most appropriate function to register a plugin and return a pandas object .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a name .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  load   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked specified by the implementation string .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  compute the state of the state and seed it to a backend .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses the date of a cls_node event .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode a python object as a single version string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  perform the two dicts with a css class .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a gcode linear move text .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if student alone a sequence of objects .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  value   null
truth:  if   test

test:  create a graph for a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  create   key
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove any cleanup names from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the file at the given first and return the first file representing the list of first .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  download   format
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disallow imports in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test cloning a google cloud storage .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   scenario
truth:  require   null

test:  return the elemwise string in the system .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  return   target
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a serialized numpy string into plot .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  view   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the sha-1 password of the given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does basic ip dict of linode information .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  does   django
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  upload exception to the headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  upload   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the value of the configuration variable .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the non foreign namespace value for the given namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a full router for the given router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  helper function to data['content-length'] .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of substrings machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  create   snmp
truth:  returns   a

test:  embed networks into a batch .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  start version of salt on the minion cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  start   version
truth:  report   report

test:  create a list of all non-overlapping regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert the given array to split error string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix a new selections .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  return one or more blocks of each tuple .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  null   null

test:  load config file and return json object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all the dots dots .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replace   get
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a sparseseries to a scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return whether the timeout is valid .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create a subjects plot file from operators .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  series x data or dataframe based on x .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  renders a single stdout from the list of imports .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  form   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when given a sanity name .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   file
truth:  require   null

test:  return float value in human readable order .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   windows

test:  attempts to parse given component parameters type : theano variable .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  converts a mapping of type type to a given type type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email to recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   build
truth:  send   send

test:  raise an exception with the error message .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  raise   tuple
truth:  throw   null

test:  temporarily change all variables using a list of sets .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  changes   routine
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode some image encoded base64 .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  encode   encoder
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject types into a remote host .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  return the most recent version of the given version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   try
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the path in the datetime .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   run
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create an lpar record disabled .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform is_fitted s3 interface into your elegant interface .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  perform   try
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load the configuration and return a list of config files .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   read
truth:  read   user

test:  returns the singleton tree in the given root node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  test for a string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  like   parameters
truth:  decode   a

test:  get the name of a named vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  adds   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the comment on new dataframe by getting its contents .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  null   notify
truth:  stores   a

test:  breaks using bigquery .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  using   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user names .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute against the expression on the expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  read mapping from the next statement from each of the given header .
truth: gets header . 
test:  mapping   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  resolve a model class .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  generate a dictionary of message metadata header to be converted to a single level of the dictionary .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  create a scope that use the associated scope .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  create   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  find the full specified path to the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  find   try
truth:  get   get

test:  compare results for a list .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only work on solaris systems with riak installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return a python object for imp with imp .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  returns the gl document from a document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  cancel   null

test:  returns a class based on the given dtype .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if buildout is not none .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses the value of a datetime object into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are not files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a token to the provided user in the specified tenant .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  send a message to all of the given data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  send   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  converts a hex mapping file to a hex ip address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  determine the content from the content .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  content   content

test:  parses the dictionary of value into a dict like people or none .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get list of managers used for given figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   constructor
truth:  set   set

test:  check fbater need to work with data in and out are html files with data in and out in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  runs   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete exploration summary of given exploration .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  to output the device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within an interval .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator to check web handlers during urls .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a command as a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  get wiki documents and dag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  provided   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   get
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  returns none .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  does   latex
truth:  return   return

test:  test serie as a new data object .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  sets   chart
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a string describing the asset ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if a virtualenv is a python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  if   windows
truth:  test   python

test:  establish up the output_path dictionary .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that the cypher key is valid .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  return the union of linear differential equation .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  return   function
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add a system name to the list of all users .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   runs
truth:  add   a

test:  generate the upgrade fields for fields .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  calculate   events
truth:  used   null

test:  return image buffer from mne expressions .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to check if the rules should be valid .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  get a timestamp of seconds from the timestamp as an integer representing the number of seconds .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  mark the output as states .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  change image to axes based on the image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  change   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns another service .
truth: internal function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  transform iri to piptestenvironment .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test truncate with a large label is created .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of strings" that are lists children for the given comment tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a command dict suitable for scrapy .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  view of an user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string describing a window .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a blank token into a native encoding .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter a line with this file and filter out .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   filter
truth:  read   in

test:  wrapper for thrift data .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   name
truth:  function   function

test:  check if argument isnt a ack object: .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  if   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert columns of django did not used for when creating units .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for friends .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  null   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is only from ip address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   ip
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a aaaa computer string or stack .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  dot product of two arrays .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs the tried sum on a linear array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a filename or filepath .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  return   no
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function for internalerror a file extension .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a pair of 1 .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  be   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  given an http response object .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a single "magic packet" on the machine .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  run   traceback
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that softmax can be consistent as the .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the instance containing an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   path
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the list of all the data that can be used as a subprocess .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply two elements of gf .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiply   intersection
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  turn a string into a minima base64 .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   bing
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   convert
truth:  split   a

test:  zero exception is pass .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns an ascii representation of items in indentation .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  null   generator

test:  create read-only folders in fletcher-16 .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function and a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the cross b of the expression .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  dump   returns
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return the formatted port number of entries available for the given port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  host   a
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  redirects   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the specified string is a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the distance between points for the sparse matrix in-place .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the relevant data in remote .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  get   query
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all child tensors in the given tensor .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create and return a caches version information .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  set   up

test:  download logger from correct .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  get   counts
truth:  change   change

test:  test whether a gradient argument is a gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  predicate   a
truth:  null   op

test:  import an ssl adapter class for a class .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  import   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raise a reference to a method using oslo_messaging reference .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for imported discovery which should be run if not installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  deletes a periodically channel .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  delete   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  replacement for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  assert that the cli prompt to a log file to read interactive values .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  verifies that path is true or false .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  verifies   function
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper for views which checks the same model as being gluon .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  cache   documents
truth:  be   null

test:  service : name "field" identifier identifier with thrift identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   abs
truth:  null   service

test:  removes html files and returns a list of files where the zip file is saved .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  downloads   find
truth:  null   a

test:  sets the closed dataset to end of the xml tag .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  sets   data
truth:  send   send

test:  generate a new user based on the current existing user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  allows the user for sameorigindef or videos .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert text into unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  text   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns exact barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  split   sequence

test:  removes a user from database .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary that can be used as a geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand ~ and storage file .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a token to an html token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect kit files - called on a nice file - we being a nice with a csv file - used for the defaults .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  empty   unpack
truth:  import   kits

test:  always return a string of a given key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files from the empty directory .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an example of type represented by the analytics in the w3af .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  given   apply
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the flake8 specified in the flake8 .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the filename name of the given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the memory translated translated to an internal type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  function to configure json output .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  notifies emails to allow session to be displayed in the client .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate version of version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the regular expression for yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current hardware setting for this process .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   show
truth:  get   get

test:  most most frequently test on a url .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a graph of subgraph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  searches for sequence to those items of predicate .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a traditional string with valid doc .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  takes   token
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get a temporary directory from the path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert ipv6 string to its textual form .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  given an object label and a model .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  given   aws
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an empty routine in the prefix from an expression .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  save   factory
truth:  source   source

test:  this function vectors .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  split a package name into a list of simple elements .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  split   get
truth:  splits   null

test:  parse a valid percent of a keyinfo volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  extract   null

test:  credit: gradient of the input loss .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   gradient

test:  gets the tool information for a message .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  returning   command
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like x**n .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  encode   decode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encode the given string as a native string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a flat color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  adds a hostname hostname to source using respect to sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pull out the data transform from a transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pull   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if a path is modified since the config file .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is a return false if it is an degree or false .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the coordinate class supports cache files .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a networkx graph into a list of grunt objects .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the entire text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  get   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  return   call
truth:  make   a

test:  event: add implementation to the discovery .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  a function to send and sentry functionality to help bits .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run ownership .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute a portion of a cluster using rabins down .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  return ordinary content info from layer .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the total attributes: of a collection .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  test a locale language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  name   a
truth:  make   null

test:  add dry to a tarball .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   log
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  get the number of tasks currently has been verified as a dict .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets a list of tab ids for all backend .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  structured   null

test:  restful crud parameter to retrieve the initial record - used by an api call this method can be used by the initial record .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  attempt to start all python {}pp .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  executes   null

test:  return information about the {'code' token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   psycopg
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  imports should be done through south import statement .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  given a user object .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders this plugin allows you to capture code coverage version coverage coverage .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks an jfif into a list of values .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  search for all object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  null   append
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the word with the given lexical and 'noun' .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  given a loaded module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  helper method to apply to a dictionary of values in a single list .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  build   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a tenant environment variable with the given tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate a json report .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  constructs the __str__ tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  constructs   return
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the shapetmax reader .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the checksum for a hex and a hex .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns the number of files that have been changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra extra specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make undefined in undefined .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   function
truth:  print   snippets

test:  does nothing have at the given node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sorts a list of tuples of all nodesets that are constantly by the function call .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  perform   adjust
truth:  return   a

test:  swaps the matrix to one or more columns of the sum .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list all files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the axisdimensionmismatch' product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as q .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  look   up

test:  encode a string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   keys
truth:  cache   cache

test:  use netmiko to connect to season and a list of values from the device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a single old file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   notification
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  computes the largest rectangular class to 0003 .
truth: like rand . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  determine   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  returns a tuple from an http list based on http description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the first letter of a real matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message with the logging message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the text as if there are any cloudformation tokens .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to generates a unique assertion call .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  import a widget in a views specified by the argument .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  import   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  parse the translations representing a translations into a catalog object and return a list of translations parameters .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  run   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a more non-whitespace context object whose context should be rendered as long .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  track   call
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process the list of all from all twisted modules to ext_source .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   null

test:  export export data to course based on a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  based   text
truth:  map   map

test:  strip ascii and not a string and clean it up to ascii conversion and is being mapped by a filesystem .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a external port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build an error message to a specified file .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   build
truth:  add   route

test:  transform values from inputs to prevent multiple distances from various hosts in third .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  calculates a copy of a dict with the given key .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until an instance is ready to assign a public instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  parses value for the argument to a python int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  parses   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  context manager to log the context of a given last line .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  context   calls
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: form the form field to be rendered layout if set to horizontal then the form of errors that is .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   null
truth:  form   form

test:  returns list of aliases that belong to the current table .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  list   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the vertex multiplied by the matrix .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   round
truth:  add   path

test:  ensure that the unix epoch is enabled .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for debugging methods .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   method

test:  filter options that are not valid for specified filters .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  filter   remove
truth:  search   search

test:  loads tree .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns a string of the requested user if the request was committed in use by the login to be committed .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as the percentage of the document .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if qiime is currently buffered .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns the current json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  null   json

test:  quote a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and return the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if the file matches the given pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given an expression or word .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  given   translate
truth:  extract   null

test:  break up the parent of a node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  turns   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the configuration value of the given key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return numpy array or initializing .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  call   a

test:  add http user to the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  add   http
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show and execute a notification database .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses timestamp information from request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an monkey-patching regex into a mongodb message .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  determine   read
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get segment where there may be conf in a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a specific search string to define a dict .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter some current user to the specific user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  filter   attempts
truth:  null   badges

test:  load all edges to command line in the current instance in all that do to run .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test __getslice__ .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all number of latest posts and stores them in two users .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the list of interfaces as interactive .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  word each file to a file using offset and return the result as a list of includes and the result of the given length .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  decode   read
truth:  count   count

test:  change avatar avatar urls into a given resolution object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  take   serialize
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the docker settings for all requests .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  populate   docker

test:  make verbose repr of string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the specified metadata to the socket file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  note: must be step .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of an indexed list .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes curve for calculating the 1d depth-first-search parameters exp : int .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  unquote   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  tests that get_current_user() works without error .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a message to the message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   number
truth:  change   message

test:  create a public path for the specified cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get all the values in a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare two statuses info .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  compare   use
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a function that validates the final form as a form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  initialize djangos contactssample .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  null   start
truth:  create   a

test:  const : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  generate rules based on the given path .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  rules   get
truth:  yields   null

test:  generate the header of a list of lines encoded by the length of n groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if reader does not exist .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  common code for cholesky() and cho_factor() .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to the specified domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  each row in reversed usage:: .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  get the owntracks properties from filepath .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  morning star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  convert a signal from an existing entry .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  flatten   filesystem
truth:  value   value

test:  generate all the categories of given sample whitespace .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  text   samples
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an integer to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add and transfer the old loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  try   gcode
truth:  to   add

test:  create a single package .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder with a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   up
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a single tag of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status of the unknownstatuscode' flag .
truth: get status code . 
test:  call   return
truth:  get   status

test:  execute the stripe from the stripe object .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   disconnect
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  reads   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  poll a console .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  poll   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test if catalog is none .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  working   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return text of the computer config files inside each of the original line .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object from a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set the attr on a given object to a given value then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount the amount of filesystem device errors .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  run   lists
truth:  mount   mount

test:  returns the exception of the given exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raises   api
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get plugin by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  if path can be assigned to regular edges .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a list of tuples and all plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   message
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads cookies at a cookie .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of dictionaries where the list of items is empty .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  if   tuple
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the options in a sympy expression .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  returns   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  this is a helper function for sorting a new list of tuples representing the following region .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   xor
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns a opened id= containing a given cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a set of security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread delete this course ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive n-sized rows from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  update a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  update   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  takes an url and splits a url back into a parsed url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  request   a
truth:  put   a

test:  prompt the user with the default keychain key : keychain a file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  prompt   set
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a relative job id .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   send

test:  test filter instructions in expected instructions .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  looks   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send message to the given message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   message

test:  get all failed' or get the request should be committed .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  generate the modified list in a resource .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  generate   api
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  returns   cross
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a type of consumption .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a formatted stream containing db and alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  returns true if we should be theano returns true if we not theano .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the collects for ccx block structures .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset 1ip reset networks .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns a wsgi application object .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a feature covariance matrix this function takes a list of length features and returns the default knn list of length .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  function   a
truth:  train   a

test:  initialize data bot logic .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  initializes   send
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin email address for a given user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a set of aggregates and return the type by a new vm .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal to the sites signal based on sites .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  to   send
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the size of the buffer to a given position .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  tries to retry a browser .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  scroll   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  escapes   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the maximum of subtracting .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  returns   appends
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  compute the normalized grayscale based on a mean .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  applies   null

test:  factory function to get callbacks callbacks over an image .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new permission grant and grant it to a list of dictionaries .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a single level dictionary with nested values .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a string of the form field to a tuple .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper execute a parent project .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  loads a list of xml objectify expression .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the growing tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   connect
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read and return image from an image with a specified aspect filename .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a dns records from the specified response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit a cluster on dataverse and return the sff file .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  send   run
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  ensure the object where the y of s2 is properly .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   cli

test:  start new server in wnb .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  turns a path with paths into paths .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  perform no threading and might be executed .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a 32 checksum of a string as string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the jinja environment for a keyboard environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  return   loader
truth:  create   create

test:  yield log record info .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  server   server

test:  creates a unique id for the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  updates an existing graph in case based on queryset .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  updates   github
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get user information about the default user .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse a bunch of nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  print   print

test:  replace a single document that just handles the documentation database .
truth: rename document . 
test:  replace   multiple
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce a time value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  format a local correlation message from a string .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  format   string
truth:  set   set

test:  generate the deprecated header .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  get the diff set of synchronous values .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair from the beginning to get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  does not have to vectors .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator provides the first item in a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the status for the parent when parent is run .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  get   columns
truth:  update   status

test:  excess an alternate context under the given instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a set of nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  delete or remove streams using - delete .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  remove   solve
truth:  run   run

test:  load all job data from all returners cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  try to guess if an item is a known known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  resolves the given undefer .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  resolves   utility
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python dotted path to directory-like one .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   path
truth:  replace   argument

test:  like 'eth .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the given value to a bool true .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the remote remote host sensor .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get a string or handle its colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot a negative index of the desired value in each string period .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  index   axes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  set up the callables functions .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  set   patches
truth:  updates   updates

test:  add arma to impulse .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   class
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the volume is valid for being invalid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn any webtest turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   display
truth:  called   null

test:  test label volume labels .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  settings   label
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  given a numpy array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  smooth   inverse
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes url .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  token   token

test:  returns the '/proc/net/if regions into string value excluding on packaging .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   block
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  text with text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  =   ansi
truth:  string   in

test:  makes the timestamp from a table contents .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the distributed virtual nodes for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  run a synchronous command .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the hadoop version .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  extract   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  return a secure secure loop with httpbin populated .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to link a link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  shutdown   web
truth:  log   a

test:  return a bool and type of the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  is this a distribution a ubuntu is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  is   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove a subnet from interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  make   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  signals networks to start new data cli example: .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   runs
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the multiple multiple of f in bytes .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses an exception and returns the value from datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a previously registered versions of the current thread .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  applies a value to spherical .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  applies   metrics
truth:  default   default

test:  attach a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  write   a

test:  destroy the list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns a graph of nodes of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download content from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  content   config
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict with data about the line and scope requests .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import and yield and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box with an openid post info for the user .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  close   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates in which match candidates .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  get the month name for the specified locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a set of tasks that returns the status of tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  computes   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   request
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add salt events to salt on the mean and [name]['total'] .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  builds the oauth id defined in certificate_statuses .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get lines from first element in line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  get   try
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all default agent agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   stream
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the set]if and active tile positions at the given location .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a number of characters to the number of characters .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   list
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  test for test actually import other characters in atomically .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  flag elements of a distribution parameters using the standard distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  documents documents of a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return the time line with the same line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the s3 process to the online server .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  sends   process
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from pip from pip from files .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  import the specified user in the current user .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  import   mkdir
truth:  set   set

test:  patch email .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   iterator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  is this a pmf .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a uri using uri .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a slice .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return an instance of receivers from the window registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the value of email or raise a knx .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  difference of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with the leftmost cipher cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   encrypted_data
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get current warning statistics to use in the vcenter .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  to   current
truth:  warning   warning

test:  verify that an instance is deleted .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  do   null
truth:  look   up

test:  times : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  empty   null

test:  decorator to consume threads from fasta .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  to   implementation
truth:  construct   a

test:  ensure that center of data .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  ensure   controller
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote an unquoted string which may be quoted and unquotes it .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   returns
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return a single user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  process the results of lowerd in a subdirectory .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  process   items
truth:  to   attempt

test:  calls func up to raise a specified array or true .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert rabbitmqctl error to nexml .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  dummy should serve django static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add all groups to the given facility .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  add   add

test:  update source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an aff4 object .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get point path from point to a loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  passes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all available database files cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  get   database
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  removes   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a point is intersecting the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a valid error index .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the debug level .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  return   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract a helper: for a given field instance from the field with the given type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the new ports without a deleted .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   ports
truth:  set   set

test:  take a dataframe based on migration options and resets the data .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  parsing   set
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run a test only on the remote host .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  test   numeric
truth:  get   get

test:  get a thread from a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  send an http secure response with http response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  send   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return fixturemarker string in the series/index string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract metadata from a pair of data['title'] .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  empty   remove

test:  returns an instance to use for a default urls .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   up

test:  returns the email addresses of the node that arent in the root .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a path from a title and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a callable .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  given   steps
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given log message .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  clear   execution
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  dummy implementation of no colors .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   set
truth:  if   check

test:  test vulnerable forest of integer .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the one or more state strings - not throw a maintenance instance .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to write file with one filename and normalize contents to the file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  write   contents

test:  returns whether there is present that have been present in source .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  host   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all tokens contained in a string to a python datetime object .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only available on systems with setquota installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  load   load

test:  build static page from a django html file .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  build   return
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks to use for api version .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  the text back into an html type .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  text   a
truth:  function   function

test:  gradient gradient .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  see   system
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to compute bc between two barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the test is emitted .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get user authentication info page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  get   function
truth:  named   null

test:  return a sample of tests in a given app_name .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   database
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a list of module names and a list of modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  find   resolves
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls the windows data string parameters gs_handle : decompression_rar .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the name of the file that contains the directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  patch binary transform on this image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a request on request .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  notify   accept
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a response .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   view
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character thrown .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  when a string is usually only contained characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify directories based on needed to raise an echo range .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get theme to the directory of the theme .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the current timezone .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an array of constr .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user for testing the staff .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a namespace page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  computes the interpolation correlation multiplied from d2 .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  copy the zip file and download plugins .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  download   a

test:  delete a specified message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print and has a positional bucket .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  choose a list of dicts .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return all databases databases user the postgres server cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  get   data
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper for getaddrinfo .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test copy['sol']['data'] copy of data@requires .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete a map of messages from the supplied subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get failedtogetgroup{ group document for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   logging
truth:  get   group

test:  rejection region of binomial low .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  be   up
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph induced by id or tuple of nodes .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert to a dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  to   function
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  determine if the given distances are distances .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  to   image
truth:  if   null

test:  returns an ipython store of ipython store an object the current works .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   callback
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text from a string .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session by loading its document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lettuce can run definitions as steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   steps
truth:  default   default

test:  convert the security .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  is   null

test:  remove old helper for b{accept} .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  remove   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a decorator that ensures the kodi setting is still handled in a visible .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  set mount groups for a file system .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  applies to a certain module name .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  applies   replacement
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  create a dense api object from an object .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  like   functionality
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all instance profiles cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   list
truth:  to   check

test:  download all the downloader version .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  include   a
truth:  return   args

test:  format the current classification datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  format   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts an vector to a 2d format .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  format   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create and start a cursor .
truth: drop database . 
test:  downloads   use
truth:  drop   database

test:  this function creates and returns a single sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  write   a

test:  multiply a vector key for a theano matrix parameters inputs : int or list of expressions or neg the determinant of inputs containing wih .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to check to see if a statd character is being matches .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  click selection button .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  resets   handler
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if the user can delete allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a certain status from vm bound .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   handler
truth:  wait   null

test:  test that subdirs can be instantiated with string 3 .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the numbers of a and b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get draft with given path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  update config based on a single certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  config   method
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections with the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  sends a widget widget for the user .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts a list of score that match a string .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns unicode graph used for call setup .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  sets   remove
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return unary_expression .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  configure the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  translates integer from a binary string to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  translates   converts
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns the xml tree with no newline .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a uuid from the sha-1 uuid and a namespace uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates a collection in a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create an event .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  create   paths
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create or edit lambda function .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  create   code
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a tuple of length max .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the definition used to describing the assigned line quad .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  flag   btrfs
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns switch() data .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set desired accuracy as needed .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  decoded   build
truth:  default   default

test:  return list of package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging reallocation command section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return a url to the api api query .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the resource dstpath as specified by tawn .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  display   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create subscription subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   lifecycle
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  try to format the key string from a key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  registers   helper
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a list of parts .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  format   call
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson data with bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  add a simple view to a given vm name .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  get   compute
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  function   function

test:  convert typing to rational checkpoints .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  return   link
truth:  null   a

test:  job types controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a numpy rng give the same results with theano shared correctly .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  filter unique labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from files of url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  masks users with snapshots .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  access   reverse
truth:  order   order

test:  returns a configured l2 path from the given path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate zero or more iterables in the iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  concatenate   return
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an input template name for a currently unused .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  look through the given command and their python files in the given directory .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  search   a
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  generate a timezone from a zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  time   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the content path for the object with the system path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  return the console checksum of a string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  get   float
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print a transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  return true if given error is a dict .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  return   create
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show the message and a celery .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the comma separated list of tools .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves a nice nice structure .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   server
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private file in a vm by the execution of a private file .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  deactivate data to make an api call within a certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  request   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the reset of a file .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   path

test:  verify a number of row and a specific row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds an collections to a single tensor in an tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  create permission for principals parameters from resource and permission .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  handles an http response for http alert .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes all files under folder and strip the folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a gradient style of the gradient of system .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears out the event window and index .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading a full 'bool' b by full path objects .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  url   test
truth:  write   a

test:  escapes a url as an sls string .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  decorate   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  remove the specified fields from series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape all wrapped characters that need to be displayed .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a field key from the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  translate all rules into a rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the repr() rendering of a path .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this logs an exchange domains for the specified domains in the domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  run   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  parameters det(m) : transformations to at spherical vectors .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  null   operation
truth:  is   diff

test:  return the filename without importing it .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  join   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the pdb module for a given command .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an integer to use for the given service service service service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  clean up a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  does   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  output the output of a remote client to default output .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  output   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  parses an url and returns the content .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  copy   function
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  this is intended to convert numpy id from llpython .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next series in the series is farther than three standard deviations out if the series is farther is greater than the
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test if selection .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  if   compile
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  extract   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns a string to a given value in most salt module settings appended to use as defined by the heading module settings in string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  check whether or not an old service is available for all available updates .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap a key generated from etcd only if the causes statement calls it .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the same format as defined by a custom fields for a time .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the full distance distance correctly .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  replace all the worker(s) .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  replace   lift
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  unzip   show
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove leaf .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  remove   execution
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside an assignment operator to align .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   sys
truth:  avoid   null

test:  create an attribute for an instance of metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  create   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy an stat copy of paths .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  null   null

test:  number of first deploy to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  use   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten one of the given series .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  common lines and servers a dict of indentation definition .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  asserts   try
truth:  fill   a

test:  return the root .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql data required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts human readable string to an __kind__ .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulate a relative url to the args and that has been updated with be: status_code .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the directory is complete based on info .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   check
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a query of 1prev for a batch .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse safely file and return the parsed bokeh bokeh using keyword_function_map .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the table of the continuously alignment .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  list   list

test:  sample fixture based on multiple sampling .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  hash   information
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  adds the positional arguments with args and kwargs .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  returns true if file can be read .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  do the text for the given obj and return the items of the object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two connection methods with default expression object .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the job and return its job .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  start   return
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory for the running system .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  run all the shell tree "<if>@<endpoint>" is a file on the given file .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates an image absolute error .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  if   use
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the full path to the specified contextvar path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a ajax representation of all the requests library .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  view   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  given the data chunk .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decorate methods from the predicate to make it start with equivalent methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  datetimes   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript with javascript records .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator that makes a function for loading to any pending constants .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  returns a configuration object that will be used as a default .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a module in a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  request   set
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable for cifar dataset .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   cache
truth:  null   eval

test:  returns a collection of events from keen .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  given   a
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  returns a list of facet items from the given limit .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to compare two vectors to v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  extends search search search search for given dsc .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel reallocation command section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new array containing indexing operations .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  simple smoketest .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   columns
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expands a path without one path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  test to make sure that we can accept the task bindings .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  demonstrate   implementation
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the argument id from an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the most recent languages in the setting for the setting .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  pass in the string to the content of a response .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  create an exception from a node this function takes a python node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  create   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in '?' .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to preprocess an object to the given error .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  use   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return a new dictionary that only the keys in the provided dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  run a command inside help .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns a wrapper to a kernel command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files together using the directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  builds   null

test:  create new boolean: from the memcached corner .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new configuration on the specified config name .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  return   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for name for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the capacity of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a theme of the given theme object .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   get
truth:  name   name

test:  return a list of jaccard values for brands .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   top

test:  get function lists without the boolean specifying the file and see if archive is true .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary mapping data option to their option .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log info the msg .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns f * low in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all defined services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add user about sites option .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  update   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts version number and extracts version in format like 7 .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run the status of the wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   start
truth:  like   like

test:  loads data from an http requests object .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  compare   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to mode .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  returns true if the event type is fire .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  returns   square
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of names of all available plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test s3 .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  cartesian and de-serialize response data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  null   broadcast
truth:  compress   json

test:  temporarily disable the module in the given sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  make   null

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use main to execute device on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  score and return the score for the given dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud data .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the length type to an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get information about datacenter and path in current stack .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   function

test:  create ftypes with a leading name .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   show
truth:  filter   filter

test:  create an item from a list .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create an answer list for the given state and xblock .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  lowest and increments options over a specified period .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   configures
truth:  turn   null

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set up responses for ccx block .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a isframe .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process hourly files for all hourly utilities .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   client
truth:  process   process

test:  get the request or usernames depending on the user .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  detect the given compiler of the specified compiler from this list of filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks the duplicates of duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  generates   occurrences
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  make url related to http hash in http request .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  url   download
truth:  if   null

test:  helper method to run commands in debug mode .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   creation
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes of the graph nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   remote
truth:  uses   uses

test:  setup the device .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  link   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a subnet exists within the specified subnet this function requires an }created given subnet name or id .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parses an http response body and returns a tuple .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parses   check
truth:  try   try

test:  normal pretty-printing table with block .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute a solution of a and b = dot product of two 2-dimensional fraction who-has = dot product of one of three elements .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return pattern from the given kill .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  func   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a task to create progress task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  create   property

test:  download the setuptools exists and set it to the directory .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  find all items in a path .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  find   check
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt to make a variable in the make it usable as the one variable and var to the new value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  calculates a list of symbols of each interface .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  calculates   set
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure empty prefix do not break to empty .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  empty   calls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove a website device .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a columns of a given rpc device .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  function   dependencies
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore names on namespace .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  restore   boolean
truth:  is   null

test:  solve solve for a .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  format   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require english directory for directory .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  project   project

test:  helper function to convert header to set the editable frame frame in frofrom .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  if   default
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of repository ids that are repository and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string containing the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string identifying the bundled version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test exception model u'yrangenotspecified .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  replace file with specified files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  file   read
truth:  if   null

test:  retrieves client_id items from related to template search search search search search search search page .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  null   store
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield the paths for each observation in pathname .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a graph relative to nodes in chordal mode .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through pass filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   data

test:  parse the retrying command line .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return any oauth and part of a url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback that processes an error to test the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   response
truth:  callback   callback

test:  converts parameters to a 2d color with each symmetric matrix .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  converts   sys
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of summary of exploration tensors .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this returns the staff signal type for the given course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  adds   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} with a c{maintype} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  import   import

test:  make a client via a docker .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  if   a
truth:  name   name

test:  test using an instance that should be supported by overriding .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   system
truth:  null   example

test:  converts a slice to a slice path .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  converts   index
truth:  function   function

test:  git-cola the process can be refused when a process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  assume   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to mark a test if review is not a decorator .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  skip   a

test:  return the tag from a group name and return it .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  return   tags
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the elementnode tetragrid from the elementnode specified by prefix .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a swarm .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return copy of a pair .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  pass   connection
truth:  return   description

test:  set the provided hashable results for x and y split .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  function   quote
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict containing all directories on the master .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  exit invalid output of integer .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  signal   github
truth:  null   salt

test:  try to get the shell directory and determines the shell directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   entry
truth:  setting   setting

test:  search the given source comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup user updates .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test demo vertex .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  given a set of second-order instances .
truth: aux function . 
test:  given   point
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all higher programs .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  align shape onto the string .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  null   numpy
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save user information for a given task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly wrapper for vastly and verifies that attempts to configured configured ip addresses .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating an explicit package .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   convenience

test:  make sure cache is saved .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  config   form
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  align a python float before storing the next integral .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  map   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags assigned to an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  create a widget with the given text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all compute services for all aggregates .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the matrix has configuration .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main function for script .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  null   level

test:  link mnist .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  default   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  the deep signal to generate unique types for a field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  test efficient database objects with a catalog catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  test   database
truth:  null   database

test:  generate a channel fields for a list of fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a fake keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual properties of the managed type specified spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add testlist @type .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   execution
truth:  caching   set

test:  return true if node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  estimate   replacement
truth:  to   check

test:  return syncback score to generate a fake xblock associated with prerequisites .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the ca certificate to the given path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  use   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for it puts lists of distances between distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  get a datetime object from the given datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  copy the robust function from left to given robust .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  copy   scaling
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with allchars and return a random string .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  solves a 2d numpy array with the given sample x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  function   order
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification event for a list of rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  run fut and return a html wrapping a wrapper .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safely remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  call the preloading tree at x .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  call   query
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a list of database set .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  place   commit
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a contextmanager that acquires a lock for a with statement .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  enables   manager
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  renders random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy dummy function runs a stack on .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save a system onto the wsgi-compatible image in the mercurial device .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  save   run
truth:  showing   null

test:  validate a runner .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on ndarray .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  check use of settings .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  calls   none
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  escape the fake image map cache to the keywords .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  return   info

test:  generate a string to its body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  wrap   methods
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test serializing running code jar .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds button to cg for cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  tidy -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters converted to s .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  center   pretty
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the crt datetime to get the globally-held .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set the given properties on an existing prefetched object .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   folder
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create the workflow data of pixels pixels .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  create   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  normalize a single sources .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute proper activestate and return start times .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  helper for the pwnlib and above to stderr .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  establish   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct a and z for a file f .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  cache   f
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup modules .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  fixture   osprofiler
truth:  point   point

test:  get information for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that automatically converts a driver that automatically handles if the driver has yet been run with this decorator or after the driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   methods
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a new slash .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  runs the cache server via a string .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a parameter string for all of the entire server .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   config
truth:  default   default

test:  get overlay overlay overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  flush   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a string containing absolute path to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  try to make sure the reader package behaves as expected .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  run and raises an exception .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  run   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  returns a new list with the given list .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  given   multiple

test:  for a given user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  a a-f version of a css object .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  null   return
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  algorithm   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  escape a string .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the diff of the first matrix parameters x : array-like or vectors of the vectors matrices .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  adds a collection of variable and returns the value of the collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data with the base64 encoded secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only work on powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  selected   returns

test:  evaluate a : str or negative month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  evaluate   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the file is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  this function will return a tuple with a positive state if the current state the given state was last month or case of the scalar .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  function   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  show a single image in the master .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  generate a file to build the destination contents .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  clear all the given model for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  return string with os from html .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  shows an item with a valid youtube metadata .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  sends   html5
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   link
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager or pkg .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance from the instance with the instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  replace placeholders through ranges that will only use once within the <script> .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  perform   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from another session to 7while .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  converts   decode
truth:  transform   transform

test:  a safe helper for generating set the categorization database .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  provide information about the base status for some time .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flattens list to string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  provided   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a human readable zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   distance
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list containing all the keys in an ordered dictionary .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate settings as facebook .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   facebook
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write the show output .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  call   set
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  update an media form for the media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  update   a
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the squared sum of *a* .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke task from task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  terminate   task

test:  this method helps helps to run a tuple of know when the environment is added to the bytearray .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   type

test:  shows and cause a revised .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  to   force
truth:  null   a

test:  return an integer .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  server   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for all functional gamma .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  function   core
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a new usercontributionsmodel with the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func and list scoped var]else values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  main function to run an asynchronous libv via the script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  function   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a job to the given host .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  assign   searches
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  randomly draw sampled epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return the string representation of n that is the smallest kind of n .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the daemon successfully .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  this function returns a list of module names and values of current files .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  set label of label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  label   labels
truth:  add   multiple

test:  returns local .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  assigns   projects
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes with limited fields for rendering the parent content can either pass in the parent content tree nodes with limited fields to
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  registers the module .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cgraph complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig trigger a job to your build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple dict with keys from a dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  save the user to the given form field .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  read a pcfg object from the given tweet .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the squared-exponential vectors vectors based on a sphere .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return the information of the alignment xfs info .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some doc .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   cgi
truth:  null   negation

test:  given integers or byte1byte2 internet 2d array .
truth: as above . 
test:  null   float
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new transaction by name and create a new endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the config file for path through the argument config file .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  returns   sample
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an index file based on a protocol class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  enables   helper
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list available zones for the passed profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the first alias for a key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   set
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the user to authorize in the @login_required page .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   requires
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of submodules which are not a collection of the given codeassistproposals .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  whether ansi error matrix based on 3 .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  float   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  validate a csr object .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake tabbed-browser object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic functionality .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initiate the public packages .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patches   command
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gdb joined the gdb in the changelog .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return the writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the fully qualified period associated with the given period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks to see if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  single function to escape the given css xml character .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  update packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  results   encoding
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read in a file and return the resulting binary .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an unix api api identified by the given api returns {created: true} if the given api was attached to the rest interface .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   running
truth:  running   running

test:  try to convert value to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a file to this object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  launch launch template uses different definitions for specified resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  launch   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  use data to delete the data record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  use   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  make the user specified by including c or compiled modules .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  get   import
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the given module is valid .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  test   a
truth:  give   null

test:  reset a subsystem and ratio for a specified instance .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  this is not an api decorator that checks the user to alternative .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  view   decorator

test:  called without dropping a direct messages .
truth: remove message . 
test:  called   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if headers is a ldap .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of tuples based on this script .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  point   point
truth:  run   run

test:  average max pooling .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  adds   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set is_default .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  set   addresses
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  remove a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  manage the other cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the basic array to a 1d array with the provided size: key .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to ignore all ignored names from a list of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  function   function

test:  this function does windows .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  code   a
truth:  take   a

test:  change source files to push trailing libraries .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  change   style
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the github domain path .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute power of f and options of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test to ensure that the router is installed and always returns none if flask is not installed .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  from catching remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   part

test:  fetch new workflow instance that can only be a new workflow .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   user

test:  given a user object .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  email   null
truth:  return   a

test:  patch binary registrations .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate macros to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   fixes
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  in python .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and/or delete a temp directory with moves .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  like   like

test:  computes polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry decorator to simulate an http client .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the instantiates socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the fully qualified path .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an one or more --help .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   projects
truth:  load   load

test:  take a dictionary of fits inputs and aliased .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  take   fits
truth:  record   record

test:  returns a formatted resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  temporarily return a context manager that validates a given remains .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest guest spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  escape a string as a single newline .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert a datetime object to integer .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy the system portion of the system .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a unique signature signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of square .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free degree in gf(p)[x] for large f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return username for a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user numbers for this request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  calculates the return value of a sequence of label and y .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  computes   dependencies
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of comments for a resource which this returns a new resource with a list of resource resource type .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  resolve urls for a list; .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a file from a filename and return a python datetime object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  expects   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a rule .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts a python python datetime to a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   items
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to check the non-breaking method related to the class later and timeout bar .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this returns true if threads are total_seconds .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  request   a
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   view
truth:  check   check

test:  return the discrete sine of an array with the discrete type .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  relabel   shortcut
truth:  return   discrete

test:  populate the current mime character in the given url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   cbs
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  update a thread used to send to a thread .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  update   notify
truth:  given   a

test:  set the reg api instance for the api .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   url
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for item view calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get all registered summary domain .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  like   like

test:  if document is found in the doc .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  document   import
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path to the directory containing given file .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when json is run .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this function prints transaction from dictionary query .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  replace   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a sha1 digest of hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule plus expr | expr minus rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean the argument to be a level .
truth: clean component . 
test:  git   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper method to replace any given header value .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the current url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list with the source .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  text meant to execute virtualenv-local if available and nvidia-process .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  close   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  always returns true .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  func   func

test:  tests that review can be created by a comment with more than one hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  add   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts any string to a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  create a client .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the markup document into a triple .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively copy all files under glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  iterates   os
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  shared   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns a list of the sysservices moment in iterable where 1 is true .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run on update instances .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  update   update

test:  helper for fulltext metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse out the extracted cache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  indent   point
truth:  is   input

test:  registers deterministic stochastic stochastic stochastic .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  model   logger
truth:  construct   null

test:  return list of all files under root .
truth: by default . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove the given security group with the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address into a string of the int .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import all modules to a given object .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  test that attribute lookup is added in x .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   functions
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  setup throughput for np .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  setup   setting
truth:  registers   null

test:  get the device name for an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  get   query
truth:  release   release

test:  return the cluster name of one cluster to another node .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions in the given template .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   routine
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log correction with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test that the error raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  run func in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  test to make sure the reader ignores whitespace at the beginning of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  text   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  this function is called every line of the pyserial .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge the smtp arguments into one big .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return true if this item is a theme/' .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the line with style markers .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  adds   message

test:  check if perm['tp is exclusively billing .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  returns both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  show the contact information for a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  show   a
truth:  if   check

test:  just removes a key from the given key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  this undo logs use the default values stored in the provided version .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  code   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a partition sequence of partitions sequence[index the index .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns an closest path to the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets an error string to translate it would cause a human-readable instance .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  gets   tuple
truth:  print   a

test:  get a numpy array of type color from color .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  color   color

test:  given the tree links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  add a :class:thumbnailer for this configurationerror .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   information

test:  create and verify handlers all the logger has been processed and flows to the the logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  projects   remove
truth:  closes   null

test:  factory for endian .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit files used if a method has a edges cache .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile valid arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  find the number of predictions of x along the base y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute optimal polynomial of x .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a tuple of git version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  based   null

test:  plots a surface summary of the tag .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   msg
truth:  plots   day

test:  calls create_object on both creation and let them as an denominator .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   pass
truth:  solves   null

test:  converts an rsa message that has a nice where the rsa is not a certain value .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  seconds   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for wrapping methods .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns an ssl port number .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that the provided model is supported by the supplied constraints for each model representing all supported by the status .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the attribute value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app access to the request .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that main function returns true if it doesnt exist .
truth: main loop . 
test:  function   import
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry a function with api .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   send
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  read a template file as context .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  source   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return tip of 2d gensim between zcr and sign .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a uniquely .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   scale
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  return all job info on the minion .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror a k[x] polynomial from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  dump all the config files to the native file .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative to a list of absolute path relative to the file path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates executing packages cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  run   update
truth:  update   update

test:  the last collection of the database to truncate the database .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a query .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   root
truth:  null   effect

test:  delete all further service .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return user info or list of users for a user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of groups to preserving .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  run a single test on a file .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns imports modules in given project name .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this is a n*m b-spline filter out of the threshold <xs:schema> matrix with the given shape .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a median of partitions rather than sparse test times .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  gets reference to a blob from the application key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  given a sequence of volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit data points to a single .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  function   function

test:  this fixture provides the principial queue for sending the task into the datastore .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  publicizes   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  constructs a romberg instance .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process for the celery task in a thread .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  process   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  convert a filename to a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an image by id .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  strides is an array of attributes .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  is   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of a and remove files .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if and only if the value is a truthy template .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parses a port string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a request object currently used by the given request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  used   template
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a char for the given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  scales   a
truth:  given   a

test:  walk through the regular files .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find a block of parent identities .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   copies
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the buffer in the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the translation deadline setting for the current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a single version to the command output .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that makes a function for loading to any pending constants .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time expressed in the current thread .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper for the context_processors distribution .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  log an encoded password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  import s3 connection information from s3 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  if   query
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create db to see db .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete the metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get information about one cells to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  show the current tensorflow quality .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  show   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  list the locate that can be installed by a node cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the json object for the given tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  gets   null

test:  send out git command to git convert_coords .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  send   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  get all top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles that are default profile .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  configured   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  list info about a postgres server cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of all registered types for the given message type .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> string base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  using   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute commands .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  uses   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a lat partition .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  create   get
truth:  function   function

test:  create and return a boolean under a python connection .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  create   create
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert native structure to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field sums products using legendre volume sums .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  command   command

test:  a technical handler for the admin get any exceptions that it should return an html text .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert newlines into an voltage timestamp .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   no
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a bunch of variable .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  dump   description
truth:  apply   apply

test:  integrate compute curve using tkinter .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  trims ovs and largest data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  for sorting of nonnegative .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  null   status
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the deviance likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate a python object with any given 5381 .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  output the date to the string so they can be used with a date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  output   null
truth:  display   display

test:  writes a single table for this cross-validation .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  is a url and turn it to a human session .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  is   compat
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the tifargs information to disk with the apps .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   no
truth:  write   image

test:  return a dict of environment variables connected to ldap fields .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  create a new hash cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears any existing dag instances for post barcode .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   data
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a test if obj is a getargsfromdoc object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  to   like
truth:  get   arguments

test:  convert string to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  like   reverse
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of tuples to a single call tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  convert a pmf .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  removed   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  return our os x username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  null   hosts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as a relative path with a community .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test application class .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of 32-bits bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  equivalent to the compiler for an arg_scope so we can keep it .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the inventory from the proxy device .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data dict .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   api

test:  for usage of os .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   s
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  require a higher order script .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  function   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace mysqls through a unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  string   string

test:  used to delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function so we can pass log .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  log   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper: get a date for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   weekday
truth:  null   null

test:  returns for any convolution info from response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  given   issues
truth:  convert   a

test:  get current context object .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the expression tree .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a list of :class:dirmovedevent .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  process the collection of objects .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  configured   items
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function for mean-squared output .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  copy   enum
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function to create a decorator that is called before processing .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  host   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  configure all .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  provides   use
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   vm
truth:  send   a

test:  solves integer ordinary equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return the desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  returns   beautifulsoup
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  preprocess an image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns a string of current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  write   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in compact representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convert text into a unicode representation .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path to a cmd .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   update
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services are the given authenticate path tags .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the click-through cost function .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates all the git variables with a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  return   a

test:  takes the shape of the input array .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test the overlay overlay overlay accuracy .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  join   run
truth:  load   load

test:  return a string of environment variables based on system .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a pattern separated by name .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns first two critical pairs of these equality to equality .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a list of records to the partition partition .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  prepare   options
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the path to a test repository .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with the word line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  fail processing failed job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  given   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin and geometry image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a http plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  perform the source regex on original .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  perform   configuration
truth:  change   a

test:  n-dimensional regression is used to get an iterator of times it is the index of linear interpolation it is described in its number of times to return it .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return the appropriate internet connection object .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses new jpg .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   response
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  add e-mail access to new email address save .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   a
truth:  request   request

test:  return the scalar of a variable .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   string
truth:  join   path

test:  test that the date argument can be loaded .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  save the json file and by name .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  save   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   links

test:  print an active trail in an active trail and print the print record found .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   call
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  update the ip address with mne conversions .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  update   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  returns the state of a database or a database .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  to   logging
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of all git git .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  get   a
truth:  make   null

test:  run raw bluetooth device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current variable in the kinesis buffer .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  runs bokchoytestsuite tests .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  step   null
truth:  is   null

test:  opens a python file with filename .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  content   content

test:  test for a ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   test
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to not enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an xml string of the xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem lt lt expr | morerules gt expr | expr ge expr | morerules expr | morerules expr ne expr .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a doctest to unload the ipython argument that can be used to authenticate in the page .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   up
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return security security rule matching the security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  fixed   set
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot multiple choice .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write known tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  return   data
truth:  write   null

test:  test that the distutils reader works with default fitting values .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run tests on the application .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  tests   point
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in the object to find the candidate number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  returns the argument names of c .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shear function to shear with the numpy deviation .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where all the parameters is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  run all timeout query with timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  get   case
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes in volumes table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : atom | a6 .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  set the traffic of all available paragraph .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a fallback object for the given language code .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  print the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist and displays a user based on the user .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of a given user .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a project for project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test filter to return an instance of matrices .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the maximum number of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the attributes of a corrected_barcode: object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a dict of -items in use by refuse solution .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrap timing error decorator for public methods or errors .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  input   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes a numpy array .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  iterate over events in socket .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  iterate   version
truth:  receive   messages

test:  a syn[ version of for it .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the set the config dict for config file .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  for the receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments as a classmethod .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if repo_url is available on this system .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  if   null
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of the value in a read()able .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type specified by its type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a request to be called via http request .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  register   remove
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is in an ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   open
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  convert   match
truth:  match   match

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  null   register
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a boolean indicating the jacobi point in the specified number of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the validator value of an instance .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   query
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the user emails .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   version

test:  utility function to parse a unicode-safe dict .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  function   decode
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  minimize a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a template and ref_doctype .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  render   a
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for all views as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   security
truth:  default   default

test:  create that modify the error and translate them into a users over a graph .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  seconds   export
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots string spaces become become dots and source_hashes string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of all kinds of a known known kind the given known sizes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  patch the named member on a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the either boundary cut of the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the *src_unit* object to use in jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  deinstalls   current
truth:  get   get

test:  return the cfg cfg for a cfg .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like obj .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  sun up the unix table by either being defined .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  attempts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  change the indented indented to include tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  function   multiple
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available on the specified package .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to **boto .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   api
truth:  return   return

test:  load a timeseries from the given filename and write files to a file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as a python int .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  count the list of :[row_headers] in string .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  to   name
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string with a variable formatted according to the given suffix .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  landing page for the posted page .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  source   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a release version from the given release .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test assert with 0 .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the full test_badoptimization() works for the least just goes through the numpy systems altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  call and return a function so that the given attributes is a partial object .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  call   queries
truth:  given   null

test:  removes factors with factors iam objects .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  xml   format
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert an axis to the corresponding character .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  creates an vm object from the specified vif status .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  use   use

test:  register listed in use or create a new serializers .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  register   register
truth:  see   null

test:  returns denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  returns   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create the test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  add permalink to the given content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   attempt
truth:  add   add

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  this is a function that returns a generator that takes one or more iterables .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  adds   interface
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single client call .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  set ccpr model with trivial axes .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  try to get the nzbname matrix associated with the given url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  resume a test .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : bool to test database .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  redirect   following
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a list of binary data for a regression set of values .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   compare
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   supervisor
truth:  processes   processes

test:  returns the path to the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  access   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if http cert is passing in certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   null

test:  the address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test exit class .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of active assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of files under the master folder .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the model can be set and that the model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the standard error of any given entropy .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculates   solve
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produce the given node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the args for a filename on a standard format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random integer .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   array
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts tokens to a list of multi-index lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  override the low list of low sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  override   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  extract 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  extract   contrast
truth:  read   64bit

test:  monkey-patch a draft registrations by user .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  view   user
truth:  landing   page

test:  text with spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   display
truth:  given   a

test:  parse a content-type header parsed header string into a loopback document .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of predictions to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function given a watch watch based on its kwargs .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all ps instances for all available vm data .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a string from a format .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert matrix to *q_var_name* at the community matrix parameters clip : array_like coefficients of the distance matrix .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert catches/ignores output from strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a two points crossover with the cx algorithm crossover on the input individuals crossover .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method deterministically build out the purchase page .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an ip address string from the given ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that macro works for the website extensions that are not sharing correctly .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get account hooks for given footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  append   a

test:  given a list of scope definitions in the given name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   custom
truth:  lookup   a

test:  given the standard error of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write to examples: .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  return   read
truth:  write   null

test:  simple function for text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  long line candle .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  upgrade frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  create a class instance .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager to temporarily add config to the config config file .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   config
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a high varint and write it as the write number .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns a storage if it has a storage that the document as an empty string that returns .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  check   check

test:  return source and its resulting strings .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  source   chocolatey
truth:  to   function

test:  return a copy of the given list .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  return   output
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns all children of subsection with subsection members as a subsection image .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a multiplication .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  force source spaces from a given source to be a degree .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  transform a pipe value .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is used to initialize a script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  standard header .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   in
truth:  function   function

test:  registers a backslash client .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  register   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  set up single xml into tenant/user .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  finds f = max here b = max tuple = max .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  scales   numpys
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  send a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  the supplied module for the given module .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  the serve image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  call   null
truth:  display   display

test:  load the modules by the smartos gets using a class .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the value of the given css to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  save   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   albuminfo
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  wrap the given comment with the given comment as a comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  wrap   get
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  on a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror pid into a "s" pid and wraps it with an apiproxystub .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if path is a wrapper .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run the command stdin .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return system information to the system cli example: .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   index
truth:  name   name

test:  patch sphinx into multiple features .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  fix   use
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return all activities entries for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  replace   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  build list of models from a model .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  list   test
truth:  try   try

test:  function to add current mime content to the client .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a telnetlib .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extra formats a sequence of lists into another 3 .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a local ips required by the server .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the actual version of a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  gives   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid html element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   tool
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  read a file-like data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  read   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to the latest directory .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   use
truth:  null   api

test:  splits a string into a dict .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  array   function
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it as another distribution .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  create the correct context dictionary .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  run tests .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  tests   find
truth:  run   example

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user host the host to connect .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create futures .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  create   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a 3 element used for pip .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine which a logged in a custom log file .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the current ping setting cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  gets   ping
truth:  open   open

test:  this function inspects the pull strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   model
truth:  source   source

test:  helper method to get a valid number for a given phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the value of the given index .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a helper that preserves a pascalcase string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  to   strings
truth:  null   a

test:  return a formatted string of the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads the app remote server info to allow it to half the app .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of ranged .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the certificate given the course flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http accept-* header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the specificity accuracy of two class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  default   default

test:  a simple version of filenames .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts each line of a list of equal to nt array .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  convert   nt

test:  construct a stream id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable uses get_value and set_value to swap the values stored in the specified shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the collection errors occur occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the current instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that validates cart to call a users context .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a node for a root folder .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  look   hgrid
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the first word in status is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a pandas value to a dict .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  note: must be degree of f .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert multiple fastq data to full fastq file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   run
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  output a log moment to output moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  output   calculate
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes to a certain state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if the wildcard urls against the given wildcard and allowed to the deprecated .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   script
truth:  is   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  used   module
truth:  registers   null

test:  create a test forum that is to save the post forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the gpsd climate lights .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function of error function erf(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns fields from a sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  apply np .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  approximate   arguments
truth:  return   num

test:  checking for single app option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  is   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for tests that require a test method as self .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test on a dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  estimate   generate
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator for message methods .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  function   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  prints the database .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  prints   remove
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  update status is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  projects   test
truth:  are   models

test:  change and return a form instance based on the form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return uptime dict with desktop data .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module and make it receives the import target with a bottle target .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type object .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  make a function that will return validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate the error address .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that engine-level fails raise a roughly that part of the invalid fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   oscillator
truth:  test   test

test:  add user to which documents belongs .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   limit
truth:  add   user

test:  currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns log logging .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  notifies publishing signal handler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert fixed counts in an fields .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  header   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running gae is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  testing   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the coefficient of data along the given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculates   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read the fips vectors in a mailcap .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  loads   data

test:  show all file info .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  show   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random number of strong elements .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the graph in a graph with the graph .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  returns   graph
truth:  return   return

test:  start a service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  start   register
truth:  register   a

test:  extract parameters parameters .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   access
truth:  null   a

test:  find a search query via xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   npm
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the unlike table .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  gets fully refreshed by the list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  makes a row from a tuple .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect data about the specified letter type and return the correct value of the specified start .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the given interpreter on a script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   replace
truth:  code   code

test:  return a tuple of data to a specified stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds a operations with a keyword criterion .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write filename to log files .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates config in a __init__ feature .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy view that displays all ini requests .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  raises   ca
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for a message to return the true if the others is true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  builds the specified payload to create block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  build   apply
truth:  convert   a

test:  registers an pid file for a process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  constructs   configuration
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the given node is from a tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement m values .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the failed name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns inode information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  report   report

test:  transform the list of sequences into tuples .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  transform   greyscale
truth:  null   null

test:  check user auth auth method .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  function   display
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number of grouping according to locale settings .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  remove all the containers that belong to the specified notice .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   current
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the netmask netmask given the list of unique values .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a iscoroutinefunction generator .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  loads the template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  load   render
truth:  config   config

test:  imports the class specified by the given module and returns a class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  load   a

test:  get a block of artist .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test if openssl openssl message .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  if   notification
truth:  limit   limit

test:  ensure that mutating instance is cleaned correctly .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  test   test

test:  remove special folders which are created by the folders of the test .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build a class wrapping a wire instance .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  this is for getting the permission .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  is   read
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the difference between xml and extension .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  test that you can run tests .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   print
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the information about all the supplied history .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  formats url .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  null   url
truth:  get   get

test:  set the temporary directory to use for all logging .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform string into python .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  string   attempts
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a the header in a packed table .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the facebook automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  function for very upload newton class of f .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  function   sets
truth:  do   one

test:  given a mime type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new "text" request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return rows that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  a numerically that appear in a vm .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a segments of loaded namespaces .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  place   find
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the output of all rectangle .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  test to ensure our block matches the translation device .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available locations .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the relu function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   null
truth:  rectified   null

test:  splits a tuple of bytes into a json image and converts it to and integer .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  splits   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a new account from a vmware environment .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy source_path locally and all stat paths .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted form formatted according to the given currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   float
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  preserve image with specified parameters .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  format   transform
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a list of requirements from the master requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the given paths to list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a program uri and add it to an json-compatible .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator for debugging in failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  print a tuple of tuples .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ignore all information about whitelist and main whitelist .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  validate   point
truth:  if   test

test:  parse a content-type and return a relative data .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  splits the url path into a list of url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with the specified viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  place   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  find   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates files from public .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all modules names in the given locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  file   generate
truth:  does   null

test:  remove whitespace from the given value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for studio requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  mutual mutual clusters between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper function to generate a temp file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  function   a
truth:  write   version

test:  calculate the meg field or electric potential forward field at the start field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  calculate   type
truth:  do   null

test:  a name which match .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  name   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  disassociate eip invalid eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  send a query string such that it is valid .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of integer p .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the determinant of the wishart variable points of the wishart the expected value of the logarithm of the determinant of the logarithm of the wishart random variable .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build build results from the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of names of preference .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  for testing .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and id of the difference between two strings .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  [af -> integer return the true host name from a service name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get a list of datacenter owned by name or instance name .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  split a host and port into a given host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  given a list of 3 elements .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  code object with "<" .
truth: gui test . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the ec2 location to use .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a rule object .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   domain
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the simple action on the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   details

test:  find an available cache so that a given number of available once .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  works   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up logging for the given stream using logging .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  set   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  split a package name from type specified by type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  split   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets all example data from known entry .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  combines the list of otus names to named metadata file .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  combines   samples
truth:  make   n

test:  returns a list of paths of target in a directory using target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure the given string is valid .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a shell handling for use in a shell .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  turn   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an existing user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize a cache group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  authorize   network

test:  take a node and initialize multiple links as inputs .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  widget   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort tasks of dict whose values are the first item in the list .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   lx

test:  a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  mutual is to handle merging space based on the data .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  return footnoteextension extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  markdown   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: inject-ownership-variables this plugin allows you to generate a game to compress a jenkins with jenkins .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the ip address contained in a http request .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  returns a string .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  get   get

test:  for temporary directories on old directories that use not exist .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  files   function
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required survey for the course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format html string with list of tuples .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  modify a nontrivial if data is valid .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  entries   data
truth:  return   return

test:  do not throw anything .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of timezone in timezone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test dummy email info .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array with the supplied values from the supplied interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  get the pylint specification .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  get   find
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to save easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  view for non-admin .
truth: log out . 
test:  handles   requires
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance in media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  removes   media
truth:  index   index

test:  return the dtype .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   val
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the specified user is in teams response .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  view   a
truth:  display   a

test:  gets whether "{sport_slug}/athletes/{athlete_slug}/" is currently used in the development config file .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  loads all the varnish ip address and stores them in a specific set .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  loads   counts
truth:  saves   null

test:  prints all bokehjs information about this server info .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   information

test:  read the config file from paths and return a feed file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write an issues file with columns and aastex values .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  write   issues
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   handler

test:  gets the rackspace for the current rackspace driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for testing .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  translate sequence into a list .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  translate   function
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over all active content .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   up
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a description for the specified package or lines .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   return
truth:  package   package

test:  creates a bad value to see also be a bad one .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  predicate   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  create a new password .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   optimization
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether sleep button on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart on .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   set
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall usage: with commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  handle   osx

test:  creates a new app instance .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command and return the output .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns ipv6 addresses of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  select   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  creates a token at the requested request and scopes an oauth request representing it and scopes request and scopes a request object and scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  create   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve all modules associated with a given generated module .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to specify which methods can be called from an obj to a method .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  login a pending application .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  assign   matching
truth:  handle   handle

test:  updates context dictionary in a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  updates   use
truth:  null   in

test:  get the current tuple .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   version

test:  alias for accessing the current window .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a string as a standardized xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   monitor
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  execute callable on given function .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  decorator: returns a copy of the given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  for all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  null   files
truth:  place   place

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke cache ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  invalidate specified error handling the reactor .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  null   something

test:  return an instance of the user .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   variables
truth:  if   null

test:  the cumsum .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  list   strategy
truth:  null   null

test:  test call with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   test
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current routing string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an target from the values dict .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the vdi to use as an instance object .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular equate or returns a tuple .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a list of disk partitions for cli example: .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test +10 line with text stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  setting   stack
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  formats a lhs string and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  gets   parse
truth:  null   lhs

test:  check table of table fails with guess=true data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  passed   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert an integer to a long byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  string   values
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a html formatter from the given node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  convert sql params to a pandas pandas .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns a integer representing the first letter colors from the given array .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse the url to a tuple .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of warnings requests on the server via rate method of warnings .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   add
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  turn a string or byte string into an ascii string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  are   try
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a single namespace string from the database .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  define the manhattan diff .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  define   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  tests that all information raises exceptions .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  this function is being rendered by mat_stream when only .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  noop   optimization
truth:  fill   fill

test:  open a new content instance for a url .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  open   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates the google module using a configuration .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  builds   import
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the radius from degrees .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   average
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a string of a given algorithm .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  remove specified package cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  try to get a single file from a url and checks the refresh .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  to   bootstrap
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a list of module names for the provided application module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  does the version of the current thread .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  does   default
truth:  get   get

test:  return availability data structure describing a given user .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a serialization statement that matches the given type 0 .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   pool
truth:  null   provisions

test:  return the request auth names .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  return   render
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a storage field from a list of file or returns the appropriate subclass object .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a backup svc file for the prefix .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks of the row x_i by the scalarmappable .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the list of exploration ids that have been feedback .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  collect all python coefficients .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the given string with base64 encoding .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  check a case where history archive is an ready one .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames merge merge merge merge merge referenced to stdout .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   domains
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test whether a select directory using private directories .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  index index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  absolute correlation statistic .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a decorator that abstracts the given class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  test that all of a stream in one line .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  test   controller
truth:  print   print

test:  generate a role from the bucket twisted .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  build   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the vlan interface is network .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  creates a config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a path to the device .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  unicode   cowpatty
truth:  return   a

test:  import the frame return a module from a filename .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  create an existing #1" with the vcproj 'chunk 'chunk data .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  a helper function for expm_2009 this function .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a requests request based on the given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the state of the state instance used .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders the file extension to file .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test if a string can be cast as an uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   validation

test:  return whether or not an item from a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  code   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ukey a value from redis and return a dict with conversion .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  null   format
truth:  explode   null

test:  ensure the named managed servers is before the name of the state .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  computes   set
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a scatter chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set all clusters and list unique clusters .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   point
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test unicode for python source components with tight_layout logger .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  crop the corner of a corner corner to padding .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  casts   try
truth:  given   null

test:  find a simple between two model verbose .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  used   switch
truth:  return   a

test:  a utility method to parse the options for an error message .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test parsing markup into a string with a lowercase markup .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  warn   setups
truth:  if   self

test:  set the function in use .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  display   case
truth:  time   time

test:  parses a datetime object .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send email using confirmation authorization in user which do not exist .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  email   a
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path without the folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for image backends - is not required for gui backends - show() manager of a pylab script or usually this should be the last line that is the backend function
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   show

test:  try to split to see if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  to   count
truth:  if   checks

test:  parent -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates new graph from an bipartite matrix given as list of missing nodes .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a style style version of cls .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  checks   shell
truth:  return   a

test:  create a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  just check the output size of data behaves .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   information
truth:  is   null

test:  allow any environment variables to use in xml blocks .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  allow   limit
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a previously added file files .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   null

test:  convert the given date string to an [xmlschema-2] date .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of ssh rules with .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  read and return top of the __version__ computed nan .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  read   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  split and run last slash .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  split   python
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   node

test:  does edit page .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  does   calls
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a command using root command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable the specified system cli example: .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  disable   configure
truth:  return   a

test:  given a argument to base .
truth: like zip . 
test:  null   count
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raises an exception if a resource does not exist .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  get   type
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes into human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  define   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  removes one or more files from the file .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for a set of groups that has empty urls .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   check
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the layers for a layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  like any given dtypes .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  like   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the results of all traces .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an ascii string as unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  returns   identification
truth:  object   object

test:  get the metric metric for a value .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to ignore keywords from a string .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the regex and returns the current item .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  find   implementation
truth:  filter   a

test:  load and return the training dataset as a dataset class .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  load the given compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  load   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test multi-taper surface using various interpolation .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  features   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  convert a time value to an excel date format .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that the directory for this module is .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  ensure   change
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the current top images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  import modules from myriad .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   decode
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return tip status cli example: .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update one question votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  keep   null

test:  decorator for creating xml links .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts http headers info from the specified python object .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  download and return a dict with the data .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  download   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  returns the path to the environment variable .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: claim-build execute an event jobs .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format the value like human readable form .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  computes   order
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensors .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set the lxml .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  set   url
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate the first variable representing the first neighboring method .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to get the minimum functions for a given function .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an module name and a package .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones a security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running under service .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  support   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a collection editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  use   get
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   counts
truth:  gets   null

test:  insert sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create a default scope that creates an apiproxystub .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the student_view methods work correctly .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  verifies   module
truth:  test   test

test:  flatten a dictionary from d .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  float   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a number of binary formats and converts it to a 64-bit integer .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  takes   product
truth:  convert   a

test:  for each line .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  check   check

test:  add unique index to language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  add   checking
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the find_current_module function forces plugin links .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   x
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy file from a specified file .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  execute a sql program .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a wrapper for 63 .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns the extension or date string for a given registry name .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a network configuration object from a network .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  build   return
truth:  interpret   a

test:  called in database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   info
truth:  called   null

test:  execute out the pillar data from the minion .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  get the status of the vpn .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random # of the given line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this sdk object .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  a simple view for requests that returns a json object as json .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return a cache file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the preferred exit loops from loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  register a logger for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  register   intersections
truth:  add   a

test:  iterate over the pyflakes in the context .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a dictionary of information about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   check
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees the list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  generate a unique key from a datastore .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return local acl is running .
truth: check acls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return right-stochastic of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the current plaintext block object with the given aes size .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   sys
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  all occurrences of a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check that the file or magick will need to be read or block device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a positive character or properties .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  obtain and logic logic .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  returns the name of the python code for names .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  free function for :func:joinedload_all() .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  noop   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can generate a key for other users in the given key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  configures an existing user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  add quota usage dirty bit for a resource and multiple usage dirty if none does not exist .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  add   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current env' .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert a list of tuples into a string .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  allocate a intrinsic .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  using a dataset with libcloud ids .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  using   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculates the polygon in the graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  calculates   transform
truth:  construct   null

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  like   attempts
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of data in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a random string of length .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  converts an rgb array to rg settings: transform a tuple of rgb while passing into a tuple of rgb floats .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  to   seconds
truth:  return   shape

test:  with product .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  null   limit
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to send an submitted message .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   export
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses enveloped parent tree from saml tree and returns a string as a function with saml as a saml instance .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure that the stub is in reverse state .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  register built-in .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   database
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  returns a list of dicts .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> extract_diagonal .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts *seq* to use for sequences .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  get points of coords circle .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   corners

test:  hot-wired method will check if the domain is a request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  null   puids
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a copy of metadata with all the provided metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  imports the optional service by name .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  imports   url
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config option .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a node and add node information to the optional node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a given filepath from the given creating%s arguments: source_path -- the file to a hosts file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formats a given list of human-readable items into a complete list .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user in the bokeh github sdk sdk .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  to   role
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  start the preferences .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   session
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: one immediately that will only add support static files to the build scan-build goals .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered registry .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   gcd
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a file handle to the filename .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  make   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks whether we can be used with a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  queues   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the actual plot object for a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  estimate   set
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the discovery switch platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is blank or spam .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   file
truth:  null   dummy

test:  load a kernel module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   module
truth:  load   a

test:  create a grid that can be used as a grid to return the current time .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for ryu an api function .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  waits for an episodes and generates a new resource quality .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  clean   show
truth:  log   history

test:  convert rgb into hex code .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  change   a

test:  given a compiler compiler module name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  see comments .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  shows   test
truth:  exception   exception

test:  safely creates a list of ndarray .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns version of streams .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  generate   stream
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize the abi file handle lists for a backup record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   system
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns the digit luhn of the card as a string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  select sql from an object .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get a file path from the zone .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  emulate text to be escaped in a string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   something

test:  validates that the specified error call the errors in the dict is not valid .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  validates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalize a string for parsing a key with a given string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  normalize   title
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network on a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contourf contourf .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  toggle   plot
truth:  show   image

test:  quick page .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a string with a simple disk .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   like
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test get_version() can work with rotation objects .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  time   test
truth:  see   null

test:  replaces the pack node and node2 .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  there is a imports to unlock the current thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert all boot boot object as a dictionary .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute source command .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   a
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  copy faces data prior to gradient in volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  add   cpu
truth:  correct   correct

test:  load a notebook object .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  load   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if package is installed .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   call
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the admin model class out of a given model .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  schedule   get
truth:  return   return

test:  render a django template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  factory that converts none to an abstract product of the given expression .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parses valid services for a given tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  parses   in
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns mobile rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  cast   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns matching hierarchy of applies translation .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  copied   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the object and returns a path to the object .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the named container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   calls
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all databases in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   permissions

test:  this function checks to see if the folder can be a file without a directory .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string representing a list of range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update the name of a node .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  update   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for <el .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   no
truth:  identify   values

test:  add to preselected widgets with preselected widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   categories

test:  normalize "s" .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  normalize   header
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   parse
truth:  setup   argument

test:  does this string contain a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  get the sort contents of a library on the filesystem .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  gets   path
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert to minutes:seconds .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  to   metric
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns a weakly error code from the provided error .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: dit this plugin allows you to capture files and resources for a list of strings .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that applies a user to each editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a list with n-th path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string s into the form color s .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  return the name of the user that contains a given partition or none .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email address .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   email
truth:  email   email

test:  word the argument to word by shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   division
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets tar .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  null   power
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert lists of strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return intersection of the row that can be 2d to a graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  note: note: this is an empty of topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts the list of calls from a collection of calls .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make a dictionary from a list of xml data .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  make   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute the best and the best set in the model score .
truth: train model . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  model   model

test:  remove a service to a service registration .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a task for fire event .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  calls autocovariance .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  calls   version
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   host
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  flask   show
truth:  list   list

test:  modify arg to a list of tensors .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  stack   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  checks if the lexer code should be routed or routine .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  to   return
truth:  code   code

test:  check if there is an upgrade package accepts or partial fields .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  test that table column names of primary index definitions on line .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the individual info that gets static describing two info .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements required to a django table .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  just a task used to send to an instance .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  send   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating data .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple view that returns the {'get-foo' of the request .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a set of mocks flow to run and return a list of test cases .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  get all python value from a list of integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  get   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a json copy of the given user activity dashboard access to the given user .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a attribute to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   parameter
truth:  specified   null

test:  return for sudo/administrator extent .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  return   create
truth:  function   function

test:  run vorbis .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  run   behave
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate and return a specific flag flags .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  null   null

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data for a usable certificate .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  use the output of parse() .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  adjust   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template extends out of a parent template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return available operating that match operating once .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  a helper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  note   in

test:  extract a cut or a list of data .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  adapt   data

test:  make sure that a task with a arguments are not exist .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  base   equation
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that presence .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract all parameters from the command from the specified command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload a default_handlers object and request .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  report with target columns .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the program module is inside of querying .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a wrapper to handle the values of a backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  function   one
truth:  write   one

test:  set unique stable for each file in nn .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  passes the given exception to a regular expression .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two indices in a alphaf .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   prints
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a url into archive .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  be   redirect
truth:  download   download

test:  return all the rows dashboard dashboard dashboard information for the given contributor .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the half of the vector represented by a particular vector .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  listify   custom
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  converts a list of vindex .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  attempts   run
truth:  produce   a

test:  split the given functions into a list of functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge records from the returner tables .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  called   in

test:  create a astroid for a nit object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  debug   greyscale
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return a list of all activities objects the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   cycle
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string of text and converts it to a single line - converts newlines before and after the given number of text .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  pool -> only register a process with the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  null   process
truth:  register   a

test:  decodes data to a transaction object .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if the specified content type is supported in the accept header type .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the overridden module for a given module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the ovs color string to an appropriate four string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  create   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the maximum matrix n x n in the first kind of n n sized .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   max
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of d .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given an opcode .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  taken from django .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the content can windows or an empty string .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns single arguments for vera values with a list .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  return the list of usage ids .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  return   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns list of variables within enter enter the given list of variables .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  sets the recording configuration for the specified request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  sets   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  attempts to delete the posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  to   task
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new user with appropriate permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new flocker keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  generate   serialize
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton name of the maximum coefficient .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  get a list of column names from a cell index .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  determine image support type to determine where the datastore will be used or used at a with an image stack .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   change
truth:  clear   null

test:  load a list of all available versions .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  control   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a json draft as complete .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper to handle statement so that every statements can be passed into statement calls statement inside statement .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is true .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given output to a key .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  return request -- gets information about steam headers .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copy data from a numpy arrays to a numpy dtype .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   append
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to scan the root .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  make directories on the filesystem .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  if   custom
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  asserts and returns a temporary file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  function   url
truth:  process   process

test:  sends a parse request .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  sends   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a signal .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  given   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a generic command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  given the first two numbers and a result set .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode representation of the currently unicode type .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a metadef object .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  replace :func:select for the struct object with the given integer bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the list of all colors that owns this pull request .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble sample array to as an array at a in list .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the relative path of two assignment_expression .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read all the entities from the json data .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for enter reasons .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  null   message
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test raw epoch .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   discovery
truth:  default   default

test:  get the linting automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available world sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  get dns details of an ip address cli example: .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  tries to return an html url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure that the named file exists name the name of the file to remove file .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot vc for vc .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get method name from django .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the local version from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  import   a

test:  for a given u2 + x3 .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of callback/errback files from web .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  called   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a data structure or comma separated by details .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  function   a
truth:  has   null

test:  convert request keys to the noneelif .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  listen   view
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an email to each message in the list .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  detects   logos

test:  always returns the shape of a function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features that generate discrete features given a regression matrix .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   sphere
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of random fields for the given architecture .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses a number of whitener from a python int .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch valid libcloud from google cloud account .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   null
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  sets the global dataset .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  sets   change
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get '<filename>' information about a path to default .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  create a temporary file created by temporary directory on the test server .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  a generator that converts urls to the given httpresponse .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  helper function to parse a channel channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  custom page to retrieve a table from the resource metadata .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  requests   returns
truth:  null   custom

test:  module homepage for non-admin users .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   controller
truth:  null   home

test:  generates a list of map lines .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  receive any data which can be used with buffer frames .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a python string to a unordered dict .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   utility
truth:  create   create

test:  check if a directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  send a repository to the tool shed to retrieve the type for a repository defined by the combination of a name and owner .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return all enabled package name cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the leaf available cluster with the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a extension string as returned by the given pattern .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the changes of a given flavor .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   a
truth:  base   base

test:  return the first socket of the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given wait with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  queue threads of the size and queue threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate pseudorandom strings .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy files to an absolute path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   create
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a string or a location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  read a suitable log message for any minion .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification to 3-d .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  set   message
truth:  show   system

test:  link link to an application .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   link

test:  a contextmanager that creates a temporary directory and returns a temporary directory .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given node from node .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add data as resource languages to dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  construct the key/value to get a specified yaml product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a module and conn' to the provided module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests to have no tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  helper: returns the year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list the named package available for upgrade or refresh force a refresh refresh update ports with port selfupdate to the specified text .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all of the hosts cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a boolean if the user is currently repo auth tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the audio .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  resets the user for a given request .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   updates
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns full email address .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - for use by overriding .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to url .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the scaled loss parameters .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  computes   gradient
truth:  compute   compute

test:  performs a function from a parallel function .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a template in the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create the c{old} strings this function is equal to the given git git strings .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   paths

test:  given an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the post modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all autoscale modules in the plugin .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the script specified in the database .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and append mobsf representation of a mobsf node .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   null
truth:  create   create

test:  batch form of a specific value .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  test   null
truth:  splits   x

test:  convert a number of unit result to a timedelta .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate function to construct a deep notebook from the file .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  function   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and initialize a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a default instance containing a list of instance sizes .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  return   options
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  add an entry to the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  remove "unload" from the temporary directory to manifest python modules .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  remove   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for djangos 1 .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  returns   execution
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to copy resource limits of the senteces environment .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user from post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  loads the module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  fatemans gcd of zero parameters n : array matrix of k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  multivariate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for designation some deprecated method .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to decorate a function which isnt a different function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  read single stats stats file into a list of directories .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   need
truth:  read   read

test:  test newaxis]picks data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  code   account
truth:  test   test

test:  return first udevadm policy .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   symbols
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: parent execute a single project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with a scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  walk the user disk help help collection of files found in the target directory .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  call this function is called before having to interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  the leading coefficient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse arguments and return show to connect to the 7 server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   new

test:  converts a file path into a folder path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   import

test:  verify the right values related to test operate on an object .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource interface for displaying any twisted fn .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for getting f .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a number of features to pydot filter from pydot using n*m .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  processes event loop validation .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  null   export
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  represent the category of a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from a category .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  load a batches object .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  load   tasks
truth:  handle   handle

test:  read qt data from an previous token .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an data string starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns {% elements of a string .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   mark
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value into its value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wrap a file extension to a url .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiplies   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  returns a string with the linear state actions for the given state of antidivisors .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  run the network settings for the given network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  run   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether this is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console size for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the argparse .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of dicts for this host or ret['services'] cli example: .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  define   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  given an instance of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  given   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  this method returns the last status code that can be sent to the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  return   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  this is a test class to make sure the ip address is not used .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  pops   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the a record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the profile for the current process .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  attributes   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  a convenience method to return a nice for a given module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  use   in

test:  returns the parent of a breadth-first character .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  copy file system .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  move   null
truth:  code   code

test:  helper for getting the string to read in a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a url has a cache protocol .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  temporarily remove a file on a sequence of integers .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  remove   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  is this a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  null   exp
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  get the comments from a list of comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  get   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  emits a bytestring lock to clean up against the current language data .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  release   read
truth:  if   null

test:  populate exit-handler .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  populate   cpu
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run zookeeper updatehash test critical .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  doctest through all the definition .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  doctest   things
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconstruct id from id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers of the given heap .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  pads   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  transform a list of tuples into a human readable format .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  transform   python
truth:  return   a

test:  return the common html node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to format and logic values .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   obj
truth:  function   function

test:  return a complex array .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  value   value

test:  matrix of the current args .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  provide   check
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  gets the html or ipv6 url from an integer .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  always return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element if it if necessary .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set movie player .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  set   null
truth:  is   null

test:  execute sphinx 'open"%s"' target file and return a tuple .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  compare two objects tree tree expected before the given tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the signature signature of a sha .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse content to a file in the content_type .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  file   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of deprecated functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get a libcloud object for the current cuda driver .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  create a sample token with some sample information for the xsrf test .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  create   use
truth:  return   return

test:  adds settings to the reference .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make the main loop of the release to run in the search based on the location of the script .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  like urllib .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by the given encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  null   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that "camera" calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  load   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  this function handles validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  function   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision on the current revision .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  return return course key for a course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a buildout test that uses the same width .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  read   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  get an docker client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a itemif user object from a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and d2 .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  shows   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of modules from plugins .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reduce the input array so that it has no effect .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize all mappers that occur when this event is sent to shell these mappers with the same name .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set current stream from stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  helper function to turn a list of slug .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for datetime .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return whether the running backreturn .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the cumulative distribution of the standard normal distribution .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get a user by trying to use .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  get   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet for a stylesheet variable .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  calculate the optimal distance between 0 and the optimal .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   timestamp
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers the assume module level .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   layer
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated strings .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps data to statas that can be used to attack this type .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   function
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a string as a number of tokens .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the given subset of the list with the given cache path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a feature to a variable with one shape .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  create   rewrite
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns preferred environment used for environment variables .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback message to the buffer of the given user .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the packet from the local serf .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a boolean image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds a config port for the instance of the new port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  start   a
truth:  config   config

test:  returns application messages in dictionary .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  is   null

test:  spawns user has permission to disallow scope on a given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a numpy array of f containing the files .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list the pattern in the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   logging
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all test tests under the given protocol namespace .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default default default default type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event configured option .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   filter
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to reset a user based on the database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill the loop for a line such that node(s) the x .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  split a status into a list of 3 .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  split   split
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  remove {% consumes and return an absolute path to remove ones .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create -> sends all mail files found in filename to attach mail .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  get the custom known values for this auth .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update opkg in a remote repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  changes   set
truth:  update   update

test:  define a unique pywsgi zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  define   pass
truth:  send   a

test:  perform a new copy of the latest image g .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  perform   set
truth:  pick   pick

test:  scatter observed input .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  gets   obj
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language regions for the given language name .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos type .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a unique returner for a specified organization cli example: .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if required or not .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a the object from the last line .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  settings   load
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit post tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   query
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view page .
truth: status view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability details for the specified demos .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  like stream_encode_multipart .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  like   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around full that returns a list of objects from the field .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  converts stports to description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given message was logged via the idle version .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  modules[ and print the end of a test file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum components of the maximum components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  creates   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  update a single module in the data .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return a generator that yields items of a iterable of floats .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  running   running

test:  create the cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  anomalous link from the given value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  module   module

test:  expects a python known to a human-readable known objects this query where it is installed .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration path and returns a list of database values .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a given urls passed to a introspection url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   remove
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  given an iterable of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  ensure that error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  to   test
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterator over all elements of seq .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  seq   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a weekend if holiday falls on the second window .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  adds   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for use in this manager .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   parameters
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to wait for a vm by the specified session and return a progress so that the console can be executed .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  get the migration records .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  get   list
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to create a store_fs where pootle_path and store its results for each test .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  to   test
truth:  create   a

test:  find a single attribute found in the iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parameters start: : array_like object from a 2d subset of length .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   spline

test:  make a list of opts from opts .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   null
truth:  command   command

test:  build an history list of allow history items to apply history items in the queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  build   function
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the gpu gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default group of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   show

test:  converts version of web version in a web version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  output   html
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator for a wsgi application that overwrites a decorator to turn a wsgi application on a filesystem .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  try to convert temp directory into relative path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  clears a string .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a binary string into a python integer .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  string   string

test:  right screen generator .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a string to the end of the string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all available vm projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the arguments of a numpy array .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a process and capture its output .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   set
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns the name of the current thread .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  competency controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   rating
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  given   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize -> textual execution .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  send   args
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the custom test correctly to use a custom template context .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urlscm this plugin allows you to get a build for each build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   series_or_df
truth:  url   url

test:  call every program in the line containing all available build classes .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  call   point
truth:  point   point

test:  copies grouped by key .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   x
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation level .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of existing projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a file at path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  download   print
truth:  ensure   null

test:  call a function in a list of arm changed from an api call .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  call   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  if the environment is valid .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  concatenate   virtualenv
truth:  supply   null

test:  returns a tuple consisting of a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  loads all files and open directories .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  loads   set
truth:  call   call

test:  retrieve a text from the sources .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  request   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  fetch files .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  are   download
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  each of the dimension names of the given axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  return   files
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   display
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a http header into http http http http auth header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies the exponential sequence .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  logs   gaussian
truth:  computes   null

test:  dummy variables together a digest file and update according to block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a parent extends with the current context .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  list all pending framework instances .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  send a single message value .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  tests whether a container is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   test

test:  clear newaxis]return of legendre .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  like   inverse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters that incudes any regex .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  this overrides a unicode string back to byte-representation .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  parse a module and returns a tuple of global types .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a list of values to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   null

test:  'sqrtn' scaling or efficient given the style transformation of the specified parameters n : array-like returns 'sqrtn' .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  return the system time string representation of the hours prefix .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  apply   version
truth:  format   a

test:  delete delete request / delete .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the output with verbosity 2 column names and growth .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample with shape shape .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about the requested xblock in an xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   test
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   run
truth:  returns   status

test:  mask a mask to the diff .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  mask   converts
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if path does not support link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  force potentially represent excess .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  do   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a new shoot .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  unconditionally skip test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  test   test

test:  delete the specified loop .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows service compatibility with windows .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  if   start
truth:  start   start

test:  run a list of available titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  code   a
truth:  get   a

test:  waits for image properties to jit options .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  recurse   data
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to a float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parses bootstrap_formset_errors and potential tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  create the python installation status .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  create   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack value for a given file .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  value   key
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  returns an application .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return all composed of the minion matches the specified target .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  file a given zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  compress   null

test:  test querying python modules without a child commit object .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  partitions   default
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of grouped data for the given form .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  form   form

test:  get the english for the word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  decide   null

test:  validate information about the status of a user sent .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all job ids for a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if name is installed or not .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  format exception for display information .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  adds settings to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  make a time namespaces in usec .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  controls   controls

test:  open to open the output: config file for path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  to   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an iterable of exploration ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put event handler that resolves to put it as the persistence api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools site for a specific setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix note: currently very expensive examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  provides a usable configuration dictionary .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  warnings   configuration
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  if the use of a namespace map .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that a volume is enabled as specified in the volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  ensure   build
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transforms a source to a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  pull   connect
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get index and match lines at a given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  order   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary with the most recent values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a list of module names for logging in a directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that the given utfbytes is valid .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   in
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  fuzzy - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  return all installed rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp tree of a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  prints and above lines after the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  null   a

test:  return the smallest root of type n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the integer representation of an ip address to its classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert iso 8601 format string according to utc time .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  mount the schema .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  mount   return
truth:  report   report

test:  opttype the python version number to optimize .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: pluginelement this plugin allows you to keep builds .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the string starting with a scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test for numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts a system path separator to its path notation .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   google
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the url to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  match the specified log or full path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  match   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a summary of information and returns it as a tuple of information .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add beveled fill_value .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   profile
truth:  add   add

test:  search total used for those output .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  mask   copy
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run the sql server .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  call   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  parse the result obtained by the supplied package .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  debug   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  sort for use in tests .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   multiple
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that the list is in the whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   images
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc instance for a given datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this page if necessary .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  run   view
truth:  open   svg

test:  this generator provides a generator of groups as a generator returning chunks of length groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  null   method

test:  converts nodes and column node columns to a ast .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  model   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   inset
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   fixture
truth:  lock   lock

test:  given a com object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the following bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the most recently inside a bunch of information whose word in the given word .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- gets the users with the select .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test %magic .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  issue   gl
truth:  m   m

test:  return a full path to a users crontab .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  searches up the mapreduce in current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  patches   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for marking a test if unittest is on a filesystem .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  recursively list all python paths in the directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterates   iterator
truth:  iterate   null

test:  this takes the logger and returns a setup .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  configure   start
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a python widget with a pcap standard tiles or buffer .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the two-view .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the current configuration .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  run filesystems process .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   point
truth:  create   create

test:  read a file and return the open object .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster data in the wmf property .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a code callback for all code in p .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  dummy function for translation .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  replaces   results
truth:  returns   a

test:  a factory for decorators .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpack a list of archive recovery archive cannot be deleted outside some archive only .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   history
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of image inputs for the given image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator for a given iterable of n .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  place data in long to virtual machines .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  place   routine
truth:  null   memory

test:  set nameservers configuration for a file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  attach   message
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert an tcp user object into mongodb databases cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  password   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all sm backend for a given uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a free number to render some dependencies of the volume .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  call long with the rest event loop and access to a request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  add   null
truth:  log   log

test:  escape html characters that it uses markdown text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database connection with the given url .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   display
truth:  create   database

test:  returns a string containing the major and the given version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  estimate the absolute segmentation of both 3 and y .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  estimate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect files to system if its streams is none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  translate   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  given a mode value .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  removes one or more documentation and stores the data set .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  annotate   a

test:  send an email to the course with the given section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  send   update
truth:  add   in

test:  plaintext the logical line and return a shell-escaped comment line .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a file if it exists .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  function   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  return q}[x_0 from affine :type get_remote_data .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  read from input data .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  function   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add the specified notebook to the database cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous anonymous user object based on the given model and user_obj .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates a randomized key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix a module in the python module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  url   image
truth:  replace   division

test:  send analytics event on a single event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  insert the directory to the list dirlist if 1) is not in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get a more container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   container

test:  a factory method used to tokenize a single command with built-in custom base class constraints .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  assume   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two parsed timestamp .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   testing
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page with template but with a square .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  utility method that returns the following coordinate attributes of the given attribute string the device .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  construct   null

test:  single *package_name* or more native path or ?unc if required .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  remove   render
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add list .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   item

test:  renders a prepopulated fields for the prepopulated enabled on the formset .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  extract all errors from all errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  transpose to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  returns true if there are any of the executable .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json command .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   set
truth:  try   try

test:  compute the rsa message value in the rsa integer or :rtype: binary representation .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the content has a g1*g2 or a single content .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if a and y are present .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify calling of a new of 1002 .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  usage   doctest
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  opens the long description and returns the resulting description .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  merges   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  ping the specified device heartbeat .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  to   ping
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the given user can access the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register our definitions .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   set
truth:  register   register

test:  'dumper' the messages .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  query   check
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a function for use in the data system .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  registers   a

test:  returns true if the given assert are disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   asserts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a rater to a search_service_pb string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   queries
truth:  query   query

test:  removes the specified milestone key from the specified content key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the encoding used by the encoding .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   up
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts any exception from an exception object .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  turn a list of tuples into a sliced base .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  turn   get
truth:  need   need

test:  return a httpresponse using the entire headers .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  return   view
truth:  render   a

test:  run commands on windows .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a new queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   sys
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working directory at a target already exists in force .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream of python objects .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username configuration and return a string containing a positive identifier .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  creates a few ]h problem from the linear equations .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load unique namespaces namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element dictionary .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to guess all traffic server and all available destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   a
truth:  source   source

test:  formats a string to the given argument .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a tuple without tags .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handler to the path .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  request   factory
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where field were empty strings were empty strings were empty on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of data from a string .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like 5 utf-8 text .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  override   attempts
truth:  encode   encode

test:  helper to check if fixing is set covering .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a symbol for a given key .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the parallels instance denoted by divides .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given an exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a few binary number for a python int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  load requests from the alias cache code for a given alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  load   get
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a file path .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the caches cache .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   texts
truth:  to   try

test:  1 1 from an array in the interval of integers 1 .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  change a temporary repository to a joined repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  change   context
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove f and all .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience method to store a setting in next api .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  saves   current

test:  create the provided profiler and run all the storage profiler .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get the collection metadata of a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compares the given argument with the vulnerability .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  compares   create
truth:  fake   version

test:  get the raw node information on the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   root
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  always 'cog' the module-level task with good html document .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  does   a
truth:  build   html

test:  get new delete data off of month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   start
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle any additional parameter errors .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function takes a raw file and returns the raw binary .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  source   matching
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the compiler specified in order to support hits .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  uploads   compile
truth:  null   inject

test:  returns the cms setting of the page .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the list of regions in the specific country calling country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize a library that first argument is configurable .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   images
truth:  function   function

test:  list data passed into a dict .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return list of mounts or all mounts this minion cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of results for a given target .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  randomly choose a random string .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  change   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a dict of components .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dict with keys of the exploration private private private exploration objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a new permission in the modules .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  create   function
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a key-value header content content into a dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   encodings
truth:  build   a

test:  calculates the name for a list of dictionaries .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from password or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a time to the exponential of the exponential distribution .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  function   fraction
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the traffic server error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  infer   dummy
truth:  look   in

test:  build all mappings under start and merge them into a list of mappings .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  language: computation - convert unicode strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the skeleton of a % kaiser in matrix .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  like covers .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if files exist and string2 are the first .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate wsdl method for a given name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast string or byte string to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  the api endpoint is available .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the json inventory .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  get   merge
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor for a given selection of obj .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  this function modifies the quota app .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  escapes   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to generate unique tokens with a single space .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  used   mark
truth:  string   string

test:  for the staging images with x .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require the permission permission .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  run the l{message} domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a dict and return a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn for an installation repository changes .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  iterates   pair
truth:  changes   changes

test:  make a string referring to a python int .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis of optstep at the observed statistic parameters x : array_like .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  guess   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  prompt for user to raise an error if it should not read one .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   lookup
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests whether a template should be zero for a series of image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  based   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should have at least one line .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a list of model-initiated namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if the url belongs to url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if prefs packages is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for issue import import import import import .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of markdown extensions that are currently registered for the current process .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the string .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  direct an openid template with the context as an argument .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  function to get variable by a step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  to   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a file or truncate the cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   post
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if a user has permission to access on permission .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load the requires test tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  load   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  make list lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints general information about this pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about multiple paths .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check that inverse operator run and space .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   check
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parse the contents of a list of top stack f .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   operators
truth:  to   method

test:  return the repeated and how many samples under the user under which to put sfffile .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  return   alternative
truth:  run   run

test:  user provided data from mne node pairs on a given node .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  save   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears internal node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   override
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return whether the given frame is visible on the current machine or an visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the z-wave climate platform .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return synonyms output file in conversion .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  grab   a

test:  get the list of list- information for a particular list- .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send mail mail in session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  schedule   send
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  apply str .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  wrap   table

test:  wait to get the timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  transforms a path components into an existing path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a genbank to escape from parsing .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   foo

test:  compare grc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns the unicode string for sharing the open file .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  checks that a variable with the sizes and optionally arbitrary expression .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  unshares   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a sorted list of colors defined by the given name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   run
truth:  stop   a

test:  encodes an instance to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  model   model

test:  show a ctypes function by getting the global cache data .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  show   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference if user exited from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns code onto tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  pad   parses
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  patch the given '/enabled' returns {created: for the given api key cli example: .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the list of lines from stripped definitions in a text file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   lines
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of best best policy listing the running container policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  get   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  is this a character that will not contain %s .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use _winreg digest to verify the sha digest api administrative .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  select the line of the source of a source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  queries   function
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  for each value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  null   context
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this method is for use and set an api .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  helper function for windows queries .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  function   tuple
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement nrt_decref function .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  call   call

test:  results for the issue loaded slicing when switching the issue data is not changed .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test that .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  check if [xmlschema-2] of 28 .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  if   =
truth:  check   check

test:  set the symbol of a file .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the given node is a loaded pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  match   a

test:  some some this function is a hello' .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  create a pil .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses a list of fake files .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add a pretty printer for the given type object .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the transformation between vectors .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a string representing text for the given encoding and pythons top level .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new wxpython from a file .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   render
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete one inventory class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   delete

test:  parses configuration from a site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  publish   in
truth:  add   custom

test:  return escaped quotes .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  mock *dicts dictionaries by adding new dictionaries to *dicts .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  given   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  parse a mysql filepath as forward the header of the pattern .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  if the filename is too big .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  if   handle
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that a requirements requirements is parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger type type in the trigger object .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container on a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all the running category in the category .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  a pickleable method for expasy that returns a handle to a raw entry at expasy .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  export structure for limit .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  export   function
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  null   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a stacks directly against the given config_string .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  certificate   create
truth:  parse   parse

test:  cycle through the first server folder and return the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate to the many axes space to the left axes .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  run the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  finds the minimum output of the given name .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  return   return

test:  place place under migration control points and raises an exception .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  build all language languages for all language config files .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  build   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return a string of html template instances for a template template object and the input template tag .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all filters belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  helper function to get the requested group flags to sleep .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a odyssey representation of the current deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the python template template was last modified attribute in the jinja module .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the javascript url from the import of words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parse line out bigip into number of lines .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy data as they wrap anything .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup common sensor .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  output   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make a testcase to test an tests which can make it to that the implementation of tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  encrypts and return the encoded string .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   display
truth:  analyze   a

test:  inject data for a bunch of cached tool .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  extract   step
truth:  used   null

test:  import the jupyter .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  import   os
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  verify that a pecl ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uninstall an album po file from pip checkout .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts that the executable argument passed to be three letter .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  call the process and return the hopefully builtin information about a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  imports   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various defaults for wsgi purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  run   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert results from each row .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform any indent of all sources stored on this directory .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  test that in-sample image can be loaded .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  test   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple text works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  import the added' removes all of the given backends .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  import   import
truth:  list   list

test:  a helper to yield a file that is directly to an existing file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  to   a
truth:  open   temporary

test:  return a file handle to file from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  converts a python variable to python gate or string .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  returns   merge
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a single context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  print the optparse usage requires the given instance .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  prints   options
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  generate storage config file .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  queries   build
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the name of the database .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   configure
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper that initializes the function in one color .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load and/or vote records from a fits file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  load   requires
truth:  read   a

test:  set syntax for sites config .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  set   config
truth:  help   help

test:  create a new curve buffer to use with curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return the object compiled from a string .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  perform a single image summary of the text .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  perform   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate even when x is none or an array assumes x .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validate   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns whether the two strings are equal .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran distance between two probability of a .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   norm

test:  replace a sequence of inside a resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  escape markdown for markdown based on markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a first order differential equation with m1 coefficients using the substitution transform .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns tree type notation for the elementtree tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  int->json workflow tabs from the various tab tabs .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content group group group from page .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for running image memory in this plugin .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  make an uninterpolated 2 string to make the data blob that can be used for generating version of data .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  log   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse connection expression split into expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  parsing   null
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   new
truth:  add   add

test:  a version of our cost-per-click .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of paths that can be used for this process .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse a dictionary as an array .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  if   check

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   assignment_expression
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   events
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gshared activation function :math:varphi(x) = tanh(x) parameters f : float32 the activation .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns information to display links to display in footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete transaction with clause where and setting where where where where where where where where where where is instantiated .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  compare   matching
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  collect all os files of tcl for tcl files for tcl .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  test column entries .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  input   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   change
truth:  email   email

test:  decorator to mark a calendar based on the current item in the configuration .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  simple function for the duration of a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  set   function
truth:  return   a

test:  download all mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  takes a function and kwargs that will match the given args .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  wrap the global copy of the global object .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  load   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  read the root password to match the path to the 7 into one .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  read   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain the objects from the dictionary .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  load the appropriate plugin of kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  set   set

test:  this needs to work on windows .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  execute   set
truth:  load   load

test:  convert the given volume to a new filesystem snapshots .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: set a window of or set the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  block the blocks of all lists of a given row .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  get all sailthru services from user .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  load the database tables .
truth: create the database . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the cholesky transformation of an array .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check to see if the named path is a utf8 portname .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set a tuple or create a tuple .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force the folders to its original folders to its original form for both
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts a version string with the name passed .
truth: if present . 
test:  to   a
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a unique domain name for all ports in this page .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the suffix of a sequence of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information on the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f * a monic matrix in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list all groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  extract a dataset from a list of data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of seqs in s .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info based on its username .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  transform python dictionary based on certain values .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  transform   shortcut
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get the document for the onionshare discussion .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  creates a crack on its issubclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get a user where a given doc can return true .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  allow   database
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  a timedelta property with a cascading set of property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a cache link which will fit a file .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the json tree that maps the course into the course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  dispatch a self .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  return   return

test:  expand one tensor of sparse indices .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  move   helper
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  like "dir" .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  like   name
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates a random document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  execute controller .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   run
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the elemwise along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  header   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  decorate all marginal configuration .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  warning   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns the database definition as a afe .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  takes a string to be stripped .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  split   a

test:  set the current process object as appropriate state .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return the first checksum of the finds or string .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two protocols .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   method

test:  turn a hash of html .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  clean   render
truth:  builds   null

test:  adds a h[monom] polynomial with respect to f .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  adds   port
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will run only on linux process when building the function signature will need to be called when multiprocessing .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  to   fun
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  evaluate a query using action rules .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find the minimum of the tree with line op .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  displays the pagination of site-local requests .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   page
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a number to a precision string .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for cli portion of a decorator .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  memoize   results
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  use pattern in each string in the series/index by given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data in response to the given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  make the virtual revision for a given virtual machine .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  make   install
truth:  install   install

test:  sum of the exit_ .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  sum   object
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the list of directories for the directories .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture to invoke a blob with the test data .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  used   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task to the payload queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  function   lists
truth:  null   distance

test:  escape a string with invalid characters from invalid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  get the points from the pixel list table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  determine a period dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  load a rate limiting keys from a dict .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  load   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  checks if the glob expression matches the given glob path .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function for ingestion and return response body for a url .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  function   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the default pack type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  register a single bundle function .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  register   bson
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   date

test:  set some headers in an vary header based on the given response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  sign a dict of parameters for use in a hash .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  null   module
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend to update state_changed time series .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the vfs callback in a vfs xml .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  translate   translate

test:  run trace for the passed value .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  look   set
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning scanning .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  return the url of a given url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  return   open
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run sample correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  sample   pvalues
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error with data clip .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  log   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key return a set of strings representing cohorted ids which are stored as later and length are stored in studio? .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  given   image
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the system handler for the current revision .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   logging
truth:  null   handlers

test:  return whether socket is supported on this system .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group assignjs config files .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  adjust   spam
truth:  bench   bench

test:  validate the user configuration for the project .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  validate   parses
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  this looks through a flag given the payload .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   everything
truth:  registers   a

test:  get count of a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  version of the currently installed facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   current

test:  just like l{chr} but for the numpy .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  return   return

test:  generate any csv to be called in page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  generate   block
truth:  return   info

test:  create random id .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get a queue object from the database .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the hmac-sha1 of password according to the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a piece of seconds to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a json array of application information about each api .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  register   register

test:  wrapper function to get binary filehandles from text output .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  to   function

test:  compute the 'invalidtailparameter' sum of the given sum of values .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve a subset of dicts from a jinja2 class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  iterate   replace
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses contained within the interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the disk w .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing group- on an n-d tensor and b .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  index   pools
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the specified application key with the specified applications .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  to   keys
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a new exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  run usage .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  run   point
truth:  check   syntax

test:  get a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  get   file
truth:  file   file

test:  helper for mocked nn surface parameters x : bem nn object subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  based   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  retrieve the specified items cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  returns a list of files .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns a list of information about the requested domains returns a dictionary of information about the domainname domains required parameters: code_object: string domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a subset of the value for obj .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  call expansion .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  for backward compatibility; .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute shortest centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  returns a copy of a and b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the context of {% page_permissions %} sets the message to do a string .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  function   set
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into flavor information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   properties

test:  return the np/scipy clause .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  return   series_or_df
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a test history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert a string encoded string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a string to a pil base64 .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle the error message and renders a line .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  signup   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  stop the initializing service .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   compare
truth:  stops   current

test:  call to redisplay a scalar for call sensitive database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has more than one feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  returns a request object or filename .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  order   queue
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code language in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a synonym to m .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  dump a linear operators of an image .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  compares   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  test that the size of layers takes one layer in a nested layer train .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap current stdin information .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  stderr   message
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for run_in_executor() handling to limit all the exception handling .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  test for pypi .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  test   test
truth:  upload   upload

test:  if an user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  delete   signal
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create and run the init command on the init node .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if one of the pending computer .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  log log message info .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a valid default language .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  use over over each entry in the list over over over a dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  use   format
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs url in vcs .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the bucket to match legacy bucket dict .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  converts a datetime object into a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  validate commands that are not present in [conf .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   commands
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree pattern which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  clean up any possible functions that do not queries .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose number of column-based .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  null   core
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read image sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   properties
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure the firewall control by configuration on a node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  the _tricube function .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  null   error
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary of key/value groups to one element .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the schema separater .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  update an email or delete a message .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  update   file
truth:  query   query

test:  restore cached field in ccx fields that all values converted to the original state by adapts to a call to a ccx-aware .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   intersection
truth:  restore   references

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of interactive script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if variable is a shared tag .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks to see if the sgemv sgemv is installed .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sign type for zero or sign .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  text   return
truth:  return   return

test:  translate the logging to the log level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  translate   configure
truth:  use   use

test:  the default mode of a process .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  convert a model on an opcode .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot with wrong output .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the unix stub object .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  left a list of windows middle and line-feed .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  format   a
truth:  select   null

test:  returns a failure graph of facebook access graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  returns   script
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  we really use a 3d lookup key from prediction .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  returns a string representing the first defined in the votable characters .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inject a .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  read a test unless the current environment is enabled .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  read   definition
truth:  error   error

test:  creates a pep386-compliant query query on a watch .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  creates   queries
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror response .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  take a slice of dictionaries representing a slice that can be used with a slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  iterator   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the pricing module is pricing .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training events controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   events

test:  name: syslog-ng .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from words file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test remove_from_figure for known labelsize .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   service
truth:  set   set

test:  python-software-properties -> ha get a next status message .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  uninstalls   dicts
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list with the size information for a container .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  set setting by labels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  set   requires
truth:  select   null

test:  logs notification through the application and a cookie object .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  unsets   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad to represent a number .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  evaluate products of python datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   expr
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes previous cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  for translation .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  do always return chunks of length x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns disk block of the file f .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  close   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  %} function for python 2 .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return if the input is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this function is designed to be used and can run tests .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  define   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for previously-cloned .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component to the given source file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  decode the mathjax script to include the text .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  function   summary
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  copy a list of events calls to a provided time object .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  set up to insert to absolute paths to insert all resources .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns an iterator over a breadth-first .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  verify   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  print a event object .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  capture   print
truth:  print   event

test:  a context manager that silences the current window .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   null

test:  change the default group of the user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   attempts
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts any address: true will return false .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all the channel and return a list with the same name as well .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the collection index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   homepage
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded with activation x string: the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the environment for a given document .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the url for the course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of user groups .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update workflow information for a particular workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  value   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the canonical version in use as a string .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   a

test:  read and return the ca certificate under a given filename .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a human readable string 404 .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  import   return
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a link between source and dict() links .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute representation of a given vector parameters n : integer array of nodes returns r : list of nodes of nodes in graph n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that one distance between coordinate systems and out are equal .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   put
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered callback .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  build an image log backend matching the current request .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  build   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of all lexer classes .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options to the first options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  given   parse

test:  map a disk ip address .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  is   get
truth:  translate   rest

test:  sets up the s3 bucket in s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  sets   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  return true if the question has already been resolved .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  enable   correlation
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse a number of text into one of the number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timezone of timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set a set of all alert .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  given   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  this is a compatibility function that returns the index of the classes to send the current item in the automatic .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   kb
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud images for all images cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns a list of dicts using a styles - kwargs after realizing .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  if   null

test:  assert that expr and state_data to expr .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  disable   boolean
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  cast a method with gpu 14 if the same name is enabled .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   real
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the data waiting to be finalized .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  check   create
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the suitable for a set of random noise this method takes a string of random items in the victorops sampling on the equivalence .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  create rules based on the []other collection .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  rules   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the wsgi account path for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method wrapper for marking a given doc .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of gce for gce .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  register and enqueue the expired events to run in task .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a revisions to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  save to a few example .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  save   state

test:  sets up data in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  have   return
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a test suite .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   create
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of tuples on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the hub for title .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  shift   outputs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last metadata for a specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to parse a unicode string as unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run the command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c options as used by at least two types of compilers: compiler compiler compiler to generate c c++ c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  configure f from an infinite string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that when qtable info on linux info are defined .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  adds empty data to that date through permission note date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  returns   dict

test:  identity with the openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  update   parse
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named result as named result .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts unicode representation of the given expression for expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  unicode   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string for a release .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  factory function for checking up in-place .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  register   function
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  this test gets a valid 02 type .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a packet .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  port   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a rpc for a given account .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the index of the settings that should be used for .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return a list containing the paths of paths that can be used to individual .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for community unrelated buffer .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  update   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate all of a matrix given an accessor method .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  calculate   put
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a c_cudadeviceprop command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  get a new url#discussion_r22221123 client and client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 inner product of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the given address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the loop of a given location .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the current tool has a database .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the old unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrap a function to catch the wrapper around cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  wrap   methods
truth:  is   a

test:  format an order according to the given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  format   params
truth:  create   a

test:  remove the source level of the given node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  remove   merge
truth:  given   a

test:  send and returns the shape for the vectors .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the given class .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from a queue return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   query
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an :class: to file .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  input   data

test:  launches the provided arguments to kwargs from a provided arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  skip   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test that installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg command .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to return a single function call .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check for functions with in-memory changed .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  upload   function
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that returns an empty response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dump object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  multiple energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  copies an object from kept .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  copies   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the iban value for the given iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  turn a list of xml into one .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register pairs to register the specified result .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  instantiates a batch by checking the specified shape and int .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  adds   copies
truth:  get   values

test:  return a list of entries in a collection .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get all sums .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  get   null
truth:  default   default

test:  migrate the database connection for issue deploy .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   default
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if a vm is available cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  default implementation for issue :jenkins-wiki:environment nonce + "foo modules .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  null   check
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the storage for cache .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for temporary files and return its contents .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a system needs to be used in the system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   usage
truth:  if   null

test:  sets the copy/paste buffer to json .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks if .
truth: check slug . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  construct and return any given string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the project specified by name or project if one is enabled .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  project   project

test:  compute a migration level for the given window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a set of option pairs into a single set of option .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace the parent in the list of fks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  get the type of available kernel .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a key/value service .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing data with low or setup .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   cosine
truth:  makes   null

test:  return databases error cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android context associated with the android player .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  sets   movie
truth:  set   set

test:  this page lists a list of available events to the user with a page .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  view   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  return the variance of the probability distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value with the statement[ value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the dual square standard output from each pixel .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   scan
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string into a tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  checks if the entrance exam is enabled for a specific problem .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  if   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  make the class methods with sharedmethod class .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look like from_port:to_port:protocol[:destination] .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  returns   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties of a sparse matrix .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to produce unary but define s lists .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  to   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute harris corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   transform
truth:  compute   harris

test:  format a card object .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  extracts the dns response for a user .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  inspired   database
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  given a list of package names in the package list .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  given   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a prevent error revision .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if the given server is running cli example: .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a hosts entry from the hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test that when pip test runner url as an empty requirements file storage .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send mail check with fullname .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  test summary of new .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load and return the scores of a buffer .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return the windows parts of l .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   markup
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  does   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  verify that a trivial library can be supported .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  find dateoffset objects .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  find   branch
truth:  null   variant

test:  given the score in the course with the specified name .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  override   get
truth:  set   set

test:  runs a topic that returns a html representation .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of python extensions found in this format:: directory .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  open a openstack-service document containing only the correct document and how long .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   current
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  helper function to get a new aggregate .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  removes redundant /s from url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  removes   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' builds files via 'goals' requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url to the api resolution order .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  return   events
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast config value to our argparse value .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  config   set
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  remove the contents of the intersection .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  remove   split
truth:  return   return

test:  convert unicode to s3 .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that the sql column can be cast to another column .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  testing should not take a python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the obj is a sequence of the sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : lbrace comma lbrace comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the generated to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  runs out generated arc call .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix with a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return signature cli example: .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  server   method
truth:  function   function

test:  plot plot from the style distribution .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  fit a list of numa requests based on the given host .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  estimate   function
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for issue gist .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command state should not exclude .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  return the microseconds integer .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  compare variants mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns an relevant header list of http accept a given request or subsamples a preferred request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper to create a url level to the url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a set of assertion if the test is enabled for an image and should use with the given creator if there are a valid assertion .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  does   run
truth:  to   try

test:  receives the object to update uninstall inventory .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify endog: over each node .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  return the first subsequence of the energy specified by the positive triangular .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables over thirty .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns all synonyms that need to be used on every directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  determines or together a collection user with new apps .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  create   a

test:  histogram summaries for square *ax* compute the data = "or"d zeros pt-br is based on kernel .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   print
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts an asset protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  define a extension or extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  define   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   response
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  test preprocesses input .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  return   measure
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true iff l is iterable and ipbasenum: .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a statusbar is cleared when workflow is not correct .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  make   null

test:  adds the headers and updates methods of each configuration methods to create an enabled .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  adds   list
truth:  default   default

test:  return a profiler object .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  is   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  ensure that all npm functions and that isnt going to another .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  check   test
truth:  files   files

test:  template rendering error .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  pass   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the logger used for a git repository .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   queue
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' lt lt expr rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  null   command
truth:  command   command

test:  take a list of required definitions and merge the corresponding list into the corresponding list .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return file_changes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a function with one argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  open   attribute
truth:  to   decorator

test:  just a model such that it gets visible as theano sampling .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert f with a univariate polynomial .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  order   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  cool   get
truth:  fill   fill

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function for pretty-printing the specified number has configuration file output has only one line at a line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  get edges that are not enabled on the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  perform   a

test:  vowel kb .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  with a degree .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the version of the app or urllib2 .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  initializes   output
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default coll matches the input coll .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  matrix slice expression with leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  null   leaf
truth:  split   expression

test:  change for use by the svgtext protocol call to retrieve a secure change .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  password   password

test:  given a override object connected to override the override .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  given   action
truth:  override   override

test:  bump product for product in case shop is not given all the product products for the new record .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  caching caching without the cache .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  do   custom
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of whose status info is not supported by the usage .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add current tool from file or object json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  load   value
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the given tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an absolute path - work in a file path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove abbreviated files with specified grok .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of acl acl values .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all known resources for the request .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return description for feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take a string and 1s and activate it .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  take   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: 'rvm' upload files to the build in the job .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the points of nth-order fileobj transform .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   dask
truth:  null   surface

test:  return a wsgi app object .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  uninstall a list of accepted .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update one or more entry in the order to mailchimp .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is in the file type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  internal workflow that returns locale and locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the potentially available module "probes" functions for a given connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update a task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the internal callback for the current invoice with the session being generated by the session .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  gets   null

test:  euclidean backend to build the configuration .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  project   back
truth:  convert   a

test:  adds two rows of a table .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  adds   values
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  for the pprint function .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a timedelta to timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns true if node is subclass of closure .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   implementation
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns status of open files => list of pages that have been resolved :arg cpythons list of pages .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test on the given target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the namespace for the given uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a generator of nodes in component of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  connected   generate

test:  return a list of templates in the given template .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from multinomial fibonacci .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   count
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  constructs a class that applies a dict of arbitrary keys .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the target type between the target and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  expands a finder-comment migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  null   migration

test:  release a function .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  release   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create a new email address .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  =   new
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the currently active interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   null

test:  release a handler reference to the internal cleanup list using a handler .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  release   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  mean of array elements over an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   x

test:  wrap any sgroup object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  wrap   wrapper
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  update location credentials for swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  update   location
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  adds a member to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check whether a named marketing link is enabled for the specified marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of all the next description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  given   return
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint for incdiagonalsubtensor output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  null   pprint

test:  calculates the total interval for this group .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  calculates   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sleep trade execution until it is invoked .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  draw   events
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a vm is installed on the named vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  perform the requested reference and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  creates error in 'component' code .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  error   error
truth:  to   method

test:  build an html string of the alphabetical header .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  display and return github client .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  return   categories
truth:  null   null

test:  makes cached glfw .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  create   session
truth:  set   gl

test:  assign post object to update existing model .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  copied   html
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that leaves returns the angle between 0 and a position in the position line .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test main function in cookiecutter and templates using the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   test
truth:  call   call

test:  walk the unix file path and return its output .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  file   return
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the caller .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  data a group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  gets the courseware module from the given sequence of chapters .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  take raw iosync analog ratio and return a dict .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  value   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the best environment variables for the current process .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  set   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that this directory with this directory exists .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available on the system .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the correct error output for the jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the environment variable set on environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  return   security
truth:  if   check

test:  compute gradient gradient notation from a 2-d .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a string into an entity list .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  run or disable the apt-get in cmd .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  function   process
truth:  save   a

test:  return the time in the given number of seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  converts link to the format .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  save   a

test:  test matching user to another user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  get all scene exceptions for a show id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  host   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a new file .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  convert de to the named node which is defined in admin .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the extension of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the latest release release for git traffic from git .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  copies a config for the specified app to the current application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  return the argument associated with the given value .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  for temporary destructive operation and returns rank .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add a function to an instance of a class or body filtering filtering which are not used as its arguments to calls should be passed to the django helper function
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only work on timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  convert between two numbers as string .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a new wsgi app engine combination by the current request .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of user groups in august .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the test suite when run as test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  shared   null

test:  convert image type to global letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the data from the given data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  create a function with the given function .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  create   create
truth:  search   search

test:  initialize an "accept" for a given task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use _winreg identifiers to verify the sha digest removed from new contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to decorator that adds a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method @monkeypatch_method pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return path to iterable .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   use
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins to the plugin menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  return the number of objects used an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of lists of f from f .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   read
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the application object .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set the activate data assignment assignment in a transformed reference count assumes activate image is incorrect .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  set   null
truth:  create   create

test:  transform polygon from all rotation and a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  given   a

test:  return the info dict where keys are bestmem parameters .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the fixtures/vmtests/* set of nothing" .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the map of many state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to unserialize a text of the desired content-type data store some tokens still send to the api .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  request   sets
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the list of data for a particular date .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of app for the given user .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transforms kind or dict into memory for the given kind .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  creates a specified number of paragraphs with the specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test entity of entity into entity string .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert an unsorted array of colors .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a cluster property for a cluster property cibfile use cibfile name/path of the live property command cibfile name/path of the live cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  set   set

test:  modify the given user to email address if email address has email address or email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  keep   user

test:  create allowed methods on a specified method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  allow file changes to be used .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  provided   size
truth:  return   return

test:  get the put policy for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  account   account

test:  replace a network device with the given number .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pillar and password .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes std .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  given   null

test:  find the library instance for a specified library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   force
truth:  to   null

test:  it should upgrade and not install if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  null   test
truth:  does   null

test:  remove python module from a filesystem path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the microsoft forum counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse language being a string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  sums handler for all the realigned mode .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a search string .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   message
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return the randomly octal file descriptors of the file .
truth: using os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  support   support

test:  ensures that given intent is a valid intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a table from the given 'scalar' axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  create   pvalues
truth:  return   a

test:  set the cookie for the current session .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   a

test:  unpack the python data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  read   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the latest sample from a list of seqs its level through otus arguments: filepath: the compiler version .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert data into a json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy function for doctesting keyword arguments .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a recursive list of arrays .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  bulk encodes a lot of floating ips from the values .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  helper function to calculate dimensions of a new list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  function   model
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the a1=a2=1 of the smtp command .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   display
truth:  find   find

test:  combine single theyre .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a list of lists to reduce tuples into files in the mercurial dir .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a standard course wiki during the course specific user .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file path to a byte string .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   case
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  append last metadata changelog to the specified repository revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add an element to an element .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  load   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  gives   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migrations for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns the row_limit check whether the given number is currently 0 or 0 .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   number

test:  *true* *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to not yet .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new file .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a python object .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array of multiple sub arrays along isscalar nifti .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file name .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model array with a trivial weight see numpy array .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  access   put
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  generate all of nan from a leading/trailing array d_n : int in a time .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  add message to given message hash .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  add   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  link link to a list of child related .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   a
truth:  link   link

test:  check to see if two folders are actually a list of files in the current instance .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function to store a views port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  return   return

test:  resource function to add to resource specific endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  function   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the arguments passed to an integer .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  like   like

test:  create an enabled api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries as specified by the database .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  adds a term as a dictionary of attributes to generic specific model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  adds   payload
truth:  handles   handles

test:  encodes a message on the extended message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  try to find a file based on the specified filesystem .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   merge
truth:  to   checks

test:  read migrations in postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  read   demo
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds and returns first elementreturn if predicate is found in the predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns query data for a given httpconnection .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  url   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: an absolute path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  construct list of slashes from a course via usage_key_string .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  construct   course
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  add a message to the current tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator that allows a function or a classmethod for a specific decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover if specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  attach   display
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  purge   query
truth:  returns   information

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  transform   wrap
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the executable in a file containing all the items of the context .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly regular expressions .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decodes list of bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install or disable python source .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   packages
truth:  install   python

test:  creates and compute a flavor swap the flavor swap information .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the input task to be used as a keys .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   method
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 is rotated a bug that the same shape as being used with a list of floats .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get host objects .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  host   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the current day of a datetime object .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  all largest described in data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace expressions of a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove host from the given host variable name the arcs to create a host group .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  this function is used to wrap a caching version for root_symbols this version for the given location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for interval .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  returns a list of server keys .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   check

test:  provides the info from available on port and captures .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  returns true if video management is views .
truth: return query string . 
test:  returns   append
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the version number .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  construct   options
truth:  parse   argv

test:  waits for an operation to reach the operation on operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   method
truth:  fires   a

test:  generate single course in the specified versions of the given string .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  wraps   display
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert files containing input and passing them into a python data with an example .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache cache list of the header from the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  maps the input array to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   float
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clears the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel path .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the user to value'] .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  null   case

test:  add target behavior to a single value .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  add   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  put a affine transformation with affine points such that corners is not a affine matrix .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   encoder
truth:  null   null

test:  set the line number of nodes that has a colormap in the tree .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  set   display
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for requests score .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to yield a file to execute it .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute connectivity for a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  extracts all tests in the given python dictionary .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if the get_user() attribute not a valid datasource key .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  returns dot product between vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an iterable to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the scalars if it is a scalars list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin password from a dict .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete a single user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  return matrix to direction by direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get the mqtt photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  create a course class for a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues the email objects related to the given system .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  weighted classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that value for valid limits and limits .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   checking
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return email from email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  extract   queues
truth:  runs   runs

test:  convert older files in linkable format to a local location predicate .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a list of variant units for vera .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take a list of active strings from interactive strings .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  does   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a subnodes or dictionary .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the rho normal loglikelihood of normal distribution parameters x : array .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   polynomial
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if name is not a valid unknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check to see if the object is cuda .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   cuda

test:  computes the log-normal number of plot .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  computes   close
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation :math:ax + xa^h = q .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node information about node cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the user is a staff or staff article for this user .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device names by node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash on the current tenant .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a list of function names to a file for the given href string .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  implementing   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the scripts .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  calls   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an addition response from one api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  delete   custom
truth:  attempt   a

test:  given a url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split all the groups defined in a setting value .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   security
truth:  find   find

test:  create a new instance of a instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  create   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend based on the user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split host to port or host:port if it rst is found and not .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  host   decode
truth:  host   host

test:  returns a helper that exposes the test id for the current user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mark email attachments from recipients and return recipients if recipients is changed .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace module_globals .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random gensim problem with the noisy data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a new cert to the pool .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  display   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  this view returns output in the main view that matches the main application .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  function   view
truth:  view   view

test:  normalize the given image by monte monte tables .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   glob
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  parse   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file with the contents of the file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate only the currently active calendar information .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  swap   quote
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) between instance instances .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  map a bytes to a file of apps as the buffer .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pad a list of lists .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   binary
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sort the given list of errors in errors sorted by the given codeassistproposals .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  this function is the shape of frontend psd measure adopt to a given slope .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  casts   parses
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator to convert a table to an action method .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find all .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data from the module parameters data : str array of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate a minimum sequence of 100 .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  set description of two binary data into a single string .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  test   test

test:  softmax the values of two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device is invalid and a partition are invalid .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic mean to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  mean   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  code that sets the response can be sent to start .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raises   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns json dict with site info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  :retval to a symmetric matrix .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  to   files
truth:  null   product

test:  runs x on the specified size .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get availability data for given torrent .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of items matching the page .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for shell mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   netstat

test:  yaml: yaml: data for dynamic page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  scan   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a context manager that requires the current context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  runs   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates source object to apply to storage .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  updates   target
truth:  index   index

test:  like kernel .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  like   split
truth:  return   a

test:  run the filesystem against a specified device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  build   force
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks a basic auth is basic to the user or basic auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  if   session
truth:  set   set

test:  take a list of js strings .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return a single sysctl value .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  release the release location .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  release   null
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a list of modules below the package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  test decorator that skips this test if we want to skip this test .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return string or a comment that is present .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  get   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails with a process exception .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a function for the echo test run with the given args .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  compare x to a b-spline function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  compare   exp
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the parsed options for the command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  show   point
truth:  command   command

test:  add a new public key to the public ssh .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  display data from subject_genome configurable .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the main page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  list   student
truth:  show   show

test:  read python files and return the contents of the file .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  helper to convert drange class to closed struct .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  to   path
truth:  return   a

test:  always delete a file .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  as unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  like   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  for iso format type modules - supports language code .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that we can returns an instance .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  this function returns a string containing a specific locale for use in locale .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensures that the specified signal is absent name the crontab on the given user is absent .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  make sure the input data is an input matrix .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  checking   gaussian
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read in the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  handles a user object .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  handles   users
truth:  view   view

test:  mark a function or method as an eval context .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  like stream_encode_multipart .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  expiry the certificate to find the certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  parse   details
truth:  return   return

test:  displays color debugging .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  color   msg
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return the maximum matrix to exact 1-d array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  function   function
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for given providers .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extracts the datatry datatry datatry key from a file .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as dictionaries and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects as dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of area from the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   correct
truth:  find   a

test:  return a file system of the standard keyword arguments .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of versions to edit the first version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  strip   variables
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run sensors tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check to see if version >= installed .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a raw .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of one or more iterables .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that a is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  revert dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  estimate   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  walk for unix and files .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  is   path
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x values of an class with an attribute on this test .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   types
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator which reduction django action to a function call .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  initialize the module .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  initialize   inverse
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog object that will be used for temp process .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if bracket is available .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  if   ping
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns unique name for the autocorrelation matrix for the search matrix or banded search parameters groups : ndarray .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  get the list of pids of w3af_profiling is requested .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  encode the encode .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  encode   execution
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the profile links .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spotify <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   null

test:  looks for the system with a vdi and produce a vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a property containing context .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deal subscription information to course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  notify   parses
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all the python files below a given archive .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  create   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns a dict for snapshots for a cohort .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the actual port of an ipv6 group .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  perform search documents to search in search .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  perform   handler
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a file matches the specified file path .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  given an address .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  given   change
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a is b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in subresultants mode .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns the cumulative product of a matrix .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a finder session named session .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of *all* projects .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to return the group of a group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  detach   return
truth:  convert   one

test:  write a history file .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  write   history
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a section string and returns the result value .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  activate all python data in order to false .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  activate   limit
truth:  enable   enable

test:  signature signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  correct   add
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the current script path for the given script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add information to a notebook cell in the notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   points
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  argument is a geometry .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  application and run the cassandra release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  transform   run
truth:  specified   tag

test:  returns the native string as a native path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the paste views on all resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  leading   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  a index .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  index   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks to see if the current theme has been active .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of multi objects from s .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   python

test:  test mixin table info .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  format   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a string like so: .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to cause a method to a record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a all-zeros to a string .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  applies a dictionary with bytes subs to a single string .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  like   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an empty event for the entire server .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  subtraction a list of strings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  do   correct
truth:  takes   args

test:  add all memory flags .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  interpret   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  run a parameter in the background thread .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   name
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  remove an environment variable for the current process .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resume the signature of all applying the free .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   average
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parses text units and returns a list of units .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a row of the specified vector .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  find   run
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to require authentication .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   app
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  upload a multipart :class:multigraph or .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  translate html file to the beginning of the given url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns a string of a valid column name or date string .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   indent
truth:  normalize   a

test:  returns whether f is a command and returns its correct 0 .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the redis points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  index   runs
truth:  order   order

test:  list all the libraries that pull request has libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  for each line s .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  logging   correct
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for changes to happen .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   use
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function from an image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  wraps cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  adds   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  base64 encodes and make a string format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  extract information about the status of a -8 .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create db script and dump it with regularization .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   pid

test:  provides a config configured when limiting is using the network device .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a command is available in setup .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  set the count of fields for issue in the new issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  set   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generates the number of random bits given the shim method .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an instance of prepopulated_fields ready for users from django .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  return   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the nodes of the given tree and labels .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  load the configured arguments .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  load   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that case of case .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifying a directory or evoked if necessary .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  wipe   create
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all volumes or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a path from an existing directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to stderr an apiproxystub method on a specific cluster .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   runs
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all certificates for a migration instance .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an expression with a latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup on a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a url which will sort a text view classes to the given qurl .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all authored associated with the specified instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd topomap .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   nvidia
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the generation section of application .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parse a string into a timestamp by replacing all keyword character tools that parses the input string .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file for a few epochs and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of instructor tasks as keys for given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to set the multiple entries in a sample .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  use this for bundleadaptors to create a helpers .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  use   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich rich node .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this function is used in the target which is created .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  function   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task and make the timeout tasks .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get equation for spherical consumers of a given math .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   average
truth:  get   get

test:  create a test object for a test file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure the osx flag is initialized .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   query
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  returns a dictionary containing related data contained within a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  weird object from given serialized form .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  returns   replacement
truth:  null   in

test:  returns an html feature to be a function in the given requirements .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a list of pfx into a dictionary .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a javascript is loaded .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate before weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a point of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   convex
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dictionary into a list .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats data to a comma to use with the foo-bar extract state to stored in statespec .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate a list of lhs => use .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   replacement
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  for returning deferreds on signal handlers which may not on signal handlers when using the given signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this page sends a message .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  endpoint   add
truth:  send   a

test:  verify test vehicle/create should result xml checkout when one input is none or the files .
truth: if a . 
test:  modifies   null
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a float value in floating point number for a float or 0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  warn or disable a bug in gmt .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  log   a

test:  extend to save cohort type .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   send
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the line of distances in runas .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  looks up the value for a resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   resources
truth:  value   value

test:  get dense paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url this only if coordinates works on where tnull cannot be changed to the deprecated - if the default n-dimensional - if the output of coordinates .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call this plugin returns a deferred that the specified classifier object .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  walk through all python files in a directory and store the top-level .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  merges   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a string representing a default number of entity and return it .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end to end test for pip test for version version .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   mocks
truth:  end   end

test:  yields a blob for the correct blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to data and closes paramiko keys .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   student
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns true if path has no file .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   check

test:  measures dir contents .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version from __version__ in __version__ listed in __version__ location .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  for a file handle to the encrypted varblock key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  write one conversion information in the command line .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  call our time span string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts list of all cron arguments into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fill intersections of the loop which is modified for the points .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  slices array after trimming distribution parameters a .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  slices   slices

test:  a decorator for marking the decorated function as an attribute on python 2 .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for memoizing method calls .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper method to generate default web request .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   null
truth:  request   request

test:  error handler for custom mailing requests .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   custom

test:  run the replacement for all active implicit .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return a sqlalchemy file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  get a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy link and dst using src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  load blacklisted info from file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  load   docstring
truth:  to   try

test:  check if were running in rtl .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  if   create
truth:  tests   tests

test:  normalize a record in the specified record .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  port   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses and returns a datetime object and string of datetime entry .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return an open unicode string .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  null   method

test:  verify a unique document or file system .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  preprocess a cut polynomial in a set of data .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  casts   datetime
truth:  null   null

test:  skip methods with given arguments .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  change the parameter for the given docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   text
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a polynomial of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test whether we can be cast as a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  used   function
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the calibration_curve variance parameters m1 : float .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   analyze
truth:  null   null

test:  open twitter information for a consumer token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  parsed   create
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a timestamp for a group .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  get   get

test:  add the current group cli example: .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  trigger   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a vdi instance and return the new instance stack .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a convenience function used by original _next: and indented that generate a surrounded pattern .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  perform   downloads
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url as its given view .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  set   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a test .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove [[[ of docs that are added to get the repository on the repository test server .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  converts a clsid to a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts path to unicode directory if it does not exist .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the indent of the indent line of a indent .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  indent   get
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for doing parameters required for use with dict-like parameters .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   in

test:  create a timeout that has been run as a new timeout for the given runner .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  function   method
truth:  make   a

test:  update an instance of an existing hash .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an simple binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path is a single file starts with name prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  plot chops positions using the given levels .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the supplied editor at a temporary file .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   pyinstall
truth:  open   open

test:  convert a url to url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  expects data to a single buffer in the datastore .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the a format key string from row & column .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset counter to each object of the given user .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  returns a class name for the given instance object .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast the condition to a boolean .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the binary file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  convert   statistics
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that one-off to work like stdout .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  serializing   null

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  takes   python
truth:  null   python

test:  retrieve usage data .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  retrieve   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month : text : money :(%) pi rmi: pi: cg: food: clothing: roeu: dcg: .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a cluster dialog for the stonith property .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  parses   create
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  encode   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  store   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an array of termination images .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  show   images

test:  set the permalink ids of the last position in the path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  set   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create task info in the table .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the base64 returned correctly .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that input table extent extent extent by col extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return all installed boot services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all disabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send a message to salt command .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  signal   events
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  serving the request to the desired lock .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  providing   close
truth:  close   close

test:  debug function to check if a debug is a debug level .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  debug   access
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies if user is access to this start date and ending access given in the start of user .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  null   exp
truth:  if   checks

test:  mail mail generator around django .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  helper function for the given args .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  function   null
truth:  print   print

test:  make sure that the right handlers are equal .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup roles with builtin .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  raises   modules
truth:  modify   methods

test:  reads an otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  reads   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension reallocation command section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   shortcut
truth:  null   null

test:  load columns in the given url and return a dataframe suitable for each dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  validate the project id .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   reload
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get whether the version api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session object .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the nso tool is installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  import and return the test runner .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  import   doctest
truth:  using   null

test:  determine or create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  post   post

test:  for series inversion expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  read   return
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = name the name of this remains connection message .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   logger
truth:  request   power

test:  returns a list of random data .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as dictionaries and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects as dictionaries and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the expiry helper to compile an lxml document and removing elements of a document .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   text
truth:  return   return

test:  load tornado errors from the test cases .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  null   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs source token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  source   a
truth:  token   token

test:  temporarily set the temporary object to a given object in a given exception when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   check
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all command command command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  see   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  associate   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if a string has a particular type .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies a date using setup() .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current hub object .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns a string representing the version of bokeh cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  dynamically imports from the module module given the config file .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  subscribes user to a user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  subscribes   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  get a list of all detected languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   sorting
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given an rgb .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import the given module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in com and wait until the stdout has exited .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  to   a
truth:  call   a

test:  test whether how many uploaded files can provide the graphics .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  function   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if the python list is an instance of the script .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  if   reverse
truth:  if   null

test:  delete all extra information from flavor .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  helper to override and :class:formatter all the multiprocessing handlers after the script .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  run   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of output path expansion expansion of this module .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  function   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a debug around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   input
truth:  read   read

test:  finds the module name .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  loads a template from the system path .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the value is not too long and matches not too long .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the gaussian expansion of gaussian random variables using the make .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id update this comment ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  add   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all containers in a container .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a exports symbol to the list of objects .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  help function to register fake loads fake versions .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  log   add
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a api user with name specified on the api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ensures that the traffic_manager is not present on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape a url including any / .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   quote
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and round trip through a precision that does not set up when the precision starts with a precision that does not set .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   test
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   multiply
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of in-memory in-memory plugins .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  patch a generator to return an iterator of tuples .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  disable   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  convert an event on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification notification type for a given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory for temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses text from a text or iterable and returns a single space .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  format   format

test:  the cache update function to build a cache model .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a configured site-packages revision .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   configure
truth:  work   work

test:  render the country details .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the object can be called in the term .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper cron owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   loop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns raw integer value of minutes .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister a text in the list of published .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  call   review
truth:  unregister   null

test:  split a model instance if the passed model is a remote model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  create   find
truth:  get   get

test:  get instance sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of plugin names .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  update the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  update   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  sets the testtools method to be called to one no parameters definition .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  mark   method

test:  create an present cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   keyring

test:  perform the internal operators on an array .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  transform the vehicle/create .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set answers to the review widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the rsa score for a transaction with a particular course .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  applies a help help title in the help .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return all computation in zip based on the given key .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given encoding and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  replace   open
truth:  open   open

test:  write a service to certain range service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  write   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  downloads a socket to a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  process   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  set revision to the sdk .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  get   version

test:  cast a number of integers to current character which can be an array or different functions .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 this is a no-op .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  remove   unicode
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return 2d polynomial of a ground polynomial .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean and save a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  give   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  writes status information about the github device .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  writes   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  returns the query object from a query server .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return a random data vector with the tries to normal distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  add   i

test:  return a port range given the ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if selector is a decorator that takes care or function and returns it .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  function   python
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  this is a view that returns modified authentication processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   null

test:  import and return the python language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   run
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a list of unused 'xmlns' this also work on the given node with namespace attributes of an unused .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert an ipv6 address into its binary representation .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  test various input data from paths or button .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  guessing   copy
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain with urlutils .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   callbacks
truth:  test   test

test:  convert decimal values to numeric or int .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  determines   integer
truth:  function   function

test:  encrypt the given representation of a restapiid .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run a kapacitor task and make it easier .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent a plots plot using x in the analysis chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct real id from real id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  assert that a single mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   normalizes
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete the defaults from the virtual host is absent name the name of the state to delete .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method to get the national number of national .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  guess the name of a file .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  if $xdg_config_home/user-dirs is not used then combine and a dict .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  if   print
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  extract   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy a vm record as an instance database .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick the selection channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  always return a list with the data passed in the given nonfunction cli example: .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  function   null
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  converts updated summary of the controller to the specified controller spec .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  based   scharr
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir temporary host name .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> boto3 .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  create   set
truth:  null   method

test:  print summary report summary .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  get   functions
truth:  null   column

test:  helper function to get text from the version string .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  text   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  proxy that includes summary of dependencies .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator that applies a function or check on a class .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager to preferred and temporary plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string for the source code .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  generate all involutions elements of a list .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generate   split
truth:  generates   null

test:  function which logs an status with a message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns the module containing the local python module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  execute   app

test:  list salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  creates a new yaml class to obtain the nested class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add photos from the current existing viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  generate   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  a wrapper around lyrics .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  null   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  build a review group .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test if there are no file at expected .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   multiplication
truth:  fail   null

test:  add resolved quality that we can add to the given qualities .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  add   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  just create the git task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  -   -

test:  return tuple of length items from list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  tuple   grains
truth:  count   count

test:  test that the state given dataset of a set of state .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   float
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt6 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the currently set :return: true if time is on or off :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  create information about the master .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates contacts .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  updates   description
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  computes the linear operators of the linear plaintext .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   sample
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a process with the git repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   results
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  determine whether a url is an http header path .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  get   get

test:  for use in chebyshev that behaves the reference version of a threshold .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  output   output

test:  get whether we can get the current user is deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  get   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  build a template groebner blank path to the template .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  code   alias
truth:  to   setup

test:  return a cache object by path using cache storage .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   a

test:  apply model keys based on an existing model .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  model   unix
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sends ctrl-c to stdout .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  override   params
truth:  handle   a

test:  show connection value of network device .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  loads a file as an absolute plugin .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a volume to an instance .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  store a user to the datastore and store it in the datastore .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  store   matplotlib
truth:  commits   a

test:  output for bti info window .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notebook .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  sorts higher order differs .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  order   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes of nodes to callback .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   merging
truth:  to   callback

test:  this returns a list of feedbackmessagereference values from p and returns a list of feedbackmessagereference values .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sorts   iterator
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the screen .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get the current domain name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  take a compiler compiler and return a dict .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  reset   return
truth:  get   get

test:  using user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  retrieve the size for the message args: type : type size .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   video
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the name of this instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  if it inside the possible .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  yields   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   show
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make common integral integral .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  call   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elements elements list elements elements list elements list elements list elements vrouter list elements list elements list elements list elements list elements elements list list list elements list elements list
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  somebody a sympy expression into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a new object based on an object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return a '%s@%s' template for a host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  return   port
truth:  turns   null

test:  functools an audio stream typed by copying the given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  save   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the requested language from supported language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  save the current config file into a configuration file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision -> l-p likelihood is at least a given log objective .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   float
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  makes a test suite for the z3 test runner .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a function for fn metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred ip .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  send   send

test:  stubs out the site configuration and wait until the user is not exist .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  creates a local revision for the repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  subprocess authentication .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  clear   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  utility function for elasticsearch requests .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  function   find
truth:  null   classes

test:  for image compatibility .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract warning .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  set the key/value pairs of entity and prepare it .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  convert   entities

test:  this is a : name that is a ieee separate process .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the absolute resource identifier .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   null
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that insures a function to run default default default arguments .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  initializes the gui .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initializes   use
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns tuple of dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian version of a list of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  error   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  generate a text as an integer id .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a thrift file as a list of event lines and returns a thrift object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  a fake password using .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  plots a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  order   standard
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the cache for the current thread .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  normal before n .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive script .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  remove a file that may be given the default cache for a script .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  remove   path
truth:  am   am

test:  print debug error messages to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses a start selectable .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parses   start
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a sequence of variables to a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the message was none and exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  return an instance of the given environment .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  return   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert to strings from a number of ascii values .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  set or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  call   call
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a file from the salt master file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  to   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if a single input operator is a list of substring flags .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  if   variant
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator for connected .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  given   a
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to the python interpreter .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the point for the group .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that a given pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   command
truth:  command   command

test:  copies an input variable to x .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  indices   array
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create purposes for arguments only used to add a bunch of a existing optionparser .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  create   create
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check to see if a given x have a definition name .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  uninstall   check
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the url of the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples:
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   return
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses a catalog string representing catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return parent lines for a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  exception   read
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   intersection
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  set the 'ini module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that is to the page that is to call a page and the user .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  call   null
truth:  if   null

test:  replace crypto value with argument .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  replace   change
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a group .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  function   interface
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the absolute path is a valid folder path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a status to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  summarize all indices of a given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  form   threshold
truth:  find   corners

test:  return a generator for a function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  null   name
truth:  return   a

test:  return an umc container object prepared for later use an existing module .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add an instance created by id .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  download an existing generator that contains all the error .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  check if the current module is in the given module .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing reallocation request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  request   generic
truth:  routing   area

test:  load and return the contents of the file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  parses and converts the utilization of a text-mode file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  parses   dict
truth:  null   method

test:  query a config file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  encode a list of hash mappings into a single symbol .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the protected methods to raise a protected if not closed with self .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from the given sender of receiver .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   instances
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make mapped with the given labels parameters items : array-like labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  a decorator which accepts several arguments and raises a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   keypair
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  make the version string to include all the version of the letter .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  check   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  returns list of unique groups for each table in the given table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' id lparen id rparen equals error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is a file or an absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining mesh of a given carve table .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  take the list of numbers .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add any new user to the format .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   users
truth:  null   page

test:  returns mapping data from the usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  reverse   convert
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  strip given text from request .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  print a module without importing an rational file in the specified directory .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  highlights   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a file object and a base file object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  given   http
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the stderr not installed .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a decorator for display .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  print   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  main of seems bandwidth pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  run   run

test:  decodes a random vector of a vector drawn with pre-existing .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a storage endpoint for the given url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker instance server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a largest largest degree in g in the order given by the compilation module .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new page with each part of the given url or line/column .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a datastore resource .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  callback function to parse and return a server object .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  test to make sure that the object is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  function   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert the number of seconds since processing .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  adjust   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects a realm method is a default auth .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns full include path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  filter to get/create the project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed directories and push into single video .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns a boolean indicating that the argument is a bool argument .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get network rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  gets the path from the given linux .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   propagation

test:  create a dynamic model representing the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the basic steps for the cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the pandas pandas bundle into a bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return a temporary directory that is unique to each directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to pass authentication data .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods for bad .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if idle is under the os x .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the object is a test .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given a manager or a manager name with a given exception .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  calls   name
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a string as a list of characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  raise a dns node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  copied   nothing
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns: a list of warnings files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  generate xml services according to xml api .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  joins a cholesky function .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  singular   utility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  set package ids between source 1-d arrays .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  set   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  adds additional kernel and returns a bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send packets to a list of who-has requests to determine if the collins sequence are up directly .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   result
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string - used for starring and apply to the corresponding outer codes .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do we have to raise an object in the test suite .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure a specified configuration value is not present in the votable configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the click key for a string .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  one to the one if the s has no conversion of its string .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  s   text
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write some python test configuration .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  write   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset that that no ssl is running and the caller .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  process   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress a generator that returns a list of tuples of a given iterator and a stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  records   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  with the cifar-10 and page .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  process   show
truth:  record   record

test:  display the response .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  display   start
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  adds to self .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   something
truth:  import   a

test:  inject a device to the root .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  simulates   up
truth:  callback   callback

test:  updates the global config dictionary .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  updates   params
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like l{chr} .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  like   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  commit commit .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  if   null

test:  lock the file in the file named by locked .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  object   object

test:  find ctc loss used on each log element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  fail   undo
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create keyring to authorised list cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  socket   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  is   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if the arguments not installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  command   reload
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of blobs on all blobs .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  widget   filters
truth:  return   current

test:  generate swap disk to use for linode breadcrumbs .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure an object is jenkins .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  verifies   attr_gt
truth:  null   in

test:  returns a list of yaml nodes from the yaml .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a single supported configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   header
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a response with body .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  create   response

test:  return a scalar or a scalar to be float .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   sets
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a list until an error has common condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  run client-side guest command .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this allows you to call expected function in python 2 .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  is   factory
truth:  assert   assert

test:  makes a class decorator that produces a dummy dummy methods .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  encrypts   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of network arp interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission to the document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   null

test:  call this path in a string safe way .
truth: write out data . 
test:  call   null
truth:  write   null

test:  given the given model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  decrypts an post token .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  adjust   access
truth:  null   groups

test:  test this model class .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  name   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining this plugin allows you to generate the builds .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  convert   a

test:  variable : lparen variable rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator to guess that use a function to handle arguments after each time .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   float
truth:  round   round

test:  migrates -> list of dictionaries with only the expression and ids failures that have a new variable in the expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  represent   statement
truth:  create   a

test:  convert inputs or n inputs to np array .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the embargo among word strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  select   decode
truth:  code   code

test:  convert a string endpoint to an int .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  migrates all object into their object .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  object   logging
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the magnitude and eeg evoked data using evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  function to generate a gradient by the average approximation to l .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  to   maps
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  produce a graph of node instances .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  this is a wrapper around "the'url'blocktagisnotsupportedinthepython .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a dict of openid openid urls .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a specified connection value .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   data

test:  finds the longest or pil files under the given dtype and right files .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  solves   images
truth:  find   find

test:  adds the first request object to template .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  adds   counts
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the number of modules to be used for .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean up resource_data of current line containing only .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  transform an image to a numpy array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  extract results from a flat page string .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if the url is in one of the url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test checking as unique .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   a
truth:  loading   loading

test:  return the template fields defined by the kwarg module to parse the kwarg kwarg .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri for dynamic attributes in the uri or just returns a list of properties that is the request ; this is the specified uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  attach   lists
truth:  transform   a

test:  check labels from an xy and sparse bug may be a specific arrays .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return linear detrending function infinite samples from binary *x* .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  return   x

test:  a shorthand for the container .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that basic input reader can be read before the specified input .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  null   read
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate art generated url string using artwork .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   art
truth:  return   art

test:  test that existing user and that the same permissions are not cause a view .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between [lat sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  given a content of cls and a tuple of the given content class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  apply 2d map: property to transform f(s) to transform .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  apply   tsv
truth:  return   return

test:  utility method for creating a custom creation by the vlag-show method .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  whether the user can delete an author acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  view   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a network device in the url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that a worker has been workers .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the active embedded encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to return custom year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and build a rooms room dictionary .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial bits needed to encode .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   up
truth:  null   method

test:  get file path .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  xml   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the current time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an appropriate soap code based on actor .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return firewall rules .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  build an networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get a nested nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate old-style hex circle of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   knots
truth:  find   find

test:  writes metadata in a list of metadata to disk .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  save   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  replace the current line of the string in the list .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of album for a template .
truth: as above . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  returns a list of paths for a container .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the windows version of a path .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services that are disabled than the given service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test rotated elliptical on dataset .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   str
truth:  tests   wether

test:  group columns based on arbitrary columns .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  to   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  override a unit of prefixes from unit units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  instantiate   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  like 405 .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all locale directories for all from the locale .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   resources
truth:  return   a

test:  send an "magic .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  set   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the leading matrix of a and b .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   null

test:  test label for source channel .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  label   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return a string containing a vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return all the member info on the passed server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  remove   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the content of the service about the specified service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read and return a channel of the records .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the id of the objects contained in this demo .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  quick transaction message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  splits   view
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate a device object .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  take   parse
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return up code in language code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads a list of default loaders .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  remove double quotes and whitespaces at the beginning and end of a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  indent   value
truth:  normalize   a

test:  nexusvm the characters in the given minimum array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  adjust   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  activate the images in images .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  null   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  given a callable .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  given   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the bracket line with the given line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use last category .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  use   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the number of bytes of the stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  expects   null

test:  run a simple command-line interface .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator for sending an error message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to create a service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a test if a given feature is true .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  returns   controller

test:  format a sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the coordinate of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a class to lazily lazily before setting the step .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens and reads the given closing stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of salt_chars for resource like to 'limit' .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items from a list of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   iterator
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   read
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the points of a path .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  databook   pull
truth:  normalize   a

test:  map the given image to a figure .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  select   show
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test to ensure gas optimizer when it is instantiated with a leading location .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   a
truth:  url   url

test:  {% lower newlines .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  array   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the most appropriate database name of the knuth-morris-pratt database cli example: .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   up
truth:  run   a

test:  create a static node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the current process has been configured .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  return true if attribute has the specified frames .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  run the specified profile cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  create   create

test:  quick key_id to get an mime response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  limit   get
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  using aes .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  apply   user
truth:  check   check

test:  load config .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node from the given node as a comment .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve an iterator over the first item by the iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  s   return
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an subnets to detach .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  attach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress tag data structures .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  compress   returns
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function takes a list of dictionaries of strings and returns a deep copy of the keys for each entry in them .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  function   ordered_dict
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding color number .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  returns true if the request has been logged in the first request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  access   access

test:  convert a value into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns hexadmecimal md5 hash for a given file .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy function for optionally sample data .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an opcode to a value suitable for oring into int .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  find most likely version of popen .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available world sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified duration vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that pip is listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   lines
truth:  test   test

test:  return system norm that learning weights plots .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  return   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  set the columns of unique index .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  set   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that choice choice the css with choice blocks are in the specified problem .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  log   merge
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  exclude all the numbered and others whose prefix will be hot as a square attribute lists .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  exclude   set
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the total number of f in f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  matrix of s to cartesian .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the most availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a qr code given a binary and returns them .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of dns services representing the given subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  get access to access google cloud storage .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  get   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  does this module have a remote host .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  close   null
truth:  does   null

test:  obtain an infinite client which will be stored in the database .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  sign   set
truth:  set   set

test:  try to obtain the repo from local or "xfs_growfs .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  to   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fiff file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  take a line and strip leading whitespace in a given format .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  text   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   google
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest see also most recent servers .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email when a new email about a new email .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a string using base64 .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build arguments unless its declaration .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  converts text into an html .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches or runs the gui .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  null   control
truth:  control   control

test:  store devices for the current device .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  int   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse openbsd output like rar3 .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the ssl key in a given certificate .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  define   null

test:  collect the absolute path for a list of paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   commits
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  ]p[ : ruleitem ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  creates the authorization of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies the type of self-generated and 1l are always an object f .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a mail of text in the currently set of a site .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the formats option for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  remove whitespace from a value .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  remove   maps
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  searches for sequence of lists in which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of 2d model with u'integrate' .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  returns the given html with the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  does   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  list unknown settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown text of markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to require a test unless they might be used .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   operation
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the given container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  use a gcode version of a file into a list of text .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  apply pyyamls attributes on a function .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  log log message support .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  log   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of paths read from paths .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  is   a
truth:  find   find

test:  run the create_cluster process server .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  function   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  check to see if a given command exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   prefix
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the ports that isnt reached reached .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scans   null

test:  should work without any script .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  function   update
truth:  test   initialization

test:  same as twisted .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run -> python command to give a list of arguments .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  copies   run
truth:  run   python

test:  returns a tuple of expressions with any expression and state .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a date/time string or calls url for the given locale or calls .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns default prefix for raw extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  default   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of edges .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of cliques contains a given list of base base contains only one .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to acquire a synchronous method to an instance of a class .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send application numbers .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  internal method for double url .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   path
truth:  given   a

test:  given a sequence of length n from n x .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  given   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by a package or path .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to the current heading heading format .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the minimum alternating neighbors of the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime object as a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate for differences or object args: value: - list of enum enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  verify   validate
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  remove   request
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a custom attachments handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  computes the absolute error regression problem for binary regression .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sum of the sinusoidal function that are sparse .
truth: computes np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the free port in the current port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   tornado
truth:  count   count

test:  return the purchase name of the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a my category contains all apps .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  replace all value in a given key string to the logical format .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  it should be run once .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  holds   s3
truth:  register   register

test:  if layer is valid .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  parse all of the prng and return them in a shared one .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  selects   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url function for test runner .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   run
truth:  function   function

test:  add validates from host file this will return a compressed dict of lines parameters host : string or makes sense hosts : list .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  create   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure that a given value is present should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a given value should only be run
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test that the ask is saved to the ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random weights is orthogonal .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   return
truth:  work   work

test:  register the list of hooks as a dict .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   database
truth:  register   register

test:  imports and returns a django project search query module name .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  deprecated will store a named production results in the context .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  outputs   set
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  checks if user can view permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  if   custom
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the path to the file with the given path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   set
truth:  to   function

test:  check if git version can be filled .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a password against password data .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in parallel 'soft' .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as deprecated from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a handle to explain any of the task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   tasks
truth:  returns   task

test:  add data: and endian solutions .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   merge
truth:  create   create

test:  determine the instance of the idmapper instances .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up to the "approve method .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return true if the current ticket .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial wavefunction r_{nl} for the ranked continuous harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  forget clients to set clients on the current request/thread .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the cached internal variables .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  testing   set
truth:  set   set

test:  do not send mail .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all objects for a given multipart user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate items from a list of items .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set shell environment variables for a given corpus .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  password   start
truth:  set   set

test:  returns eelif constraints for the flavor cache key given the request .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  null   students
truth:  return   return

test:  if the request object is an oauth2 method such that the response returned to add to the response response data .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of the string alphabetically .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete prefetch_related_objects users from stable filesystem .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   load
truth:  delete   user

test:  merge nameservers .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  merge   helper
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a list of relation as a list of text against a list of text objects .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  constructs   find
truth:  null   a

test:  return the generalized value of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  return   po
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style x\n' class .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the generalized kernel of a sine .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  check if the specified network is available .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the average mean of the x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   coefficients
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  given   remove

test:  handle the response to terms a specific response .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  handle   request
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all events in line .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  remove   lines

test:  return the style block nodes from a file .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  build   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize using the packages .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  using   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  removes the examples in the error backup to a restores file .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  remove   uses
truth:  errors   errors

test:  execute the package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the file from the local file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  print   data
truth:  file   file

test:  get a list of capacity ids for the given parent account .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the version of a metadata .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a status header and a list of value .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the current 0print value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   example
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a method for the current table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for event area from its name .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime to a string .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  the inverse of function for generalized eigenvalues .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  take to rgb color and convert to an int .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  given   null

test:  create a tensor with the specified shape and broadcast .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy data from a time-varying model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the clock status in use to be called .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel value for each pixel .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  send an alert message to a list of apns .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  for conversion .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  adds   tests
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterates over nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a combined pattern which applies a combined version string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a float by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given datetime object is before the seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the model and the given model are found .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  read event events .
truth: get events . 
test:  extract   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to do an application description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  function   check
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields or a tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  default   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image outputs .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the full word of a tree .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  returns   a

test:  test data with 4 values .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  order   check
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of error messages of the remote server .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  extract the given base64 encoded string from the json data structure .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  get a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cache the precision information from the desired precision .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  cache   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  helper function to generate the cost cost .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  function   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the credible approximation of x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  retrive and creates a development environment variables .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  log   arguments
truth:  run   run

test:  shows the config object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  gives   config
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if a term is an instance of term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  this function is a method which implements the api requests to be a method and the correct location issued to the response to the current location .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a set of tuples in a policy document .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  add   exit
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  import content from the given path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  import   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  replace layout with http timeout .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  replace   update
truth:  set   http

test:  returns a lock associated with redis and the specified name .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  take an ipv4 address and split the given netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  splits   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on posix-like systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   object
truth:  run   run

test:  verify the path to a typical component .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  verify   read
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the hostname .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  null   in
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description mapping file after description mapping .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  run a network model for an upload model using the specified network input .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return a list of items in union of items .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  work   union
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates a new app instance .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change a config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  change   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  utility function to get value to a string .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  remove leading and trailing whitespace from text .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  remove a file and then restore the content to given filename .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  return true if the object is in seq .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the current variable from the system .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest product between two terms in a find manner .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   adjust
truth:  find   find

test:  converts the rgb color to hex escape sequences .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png background image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the given command and returns true if the given platform .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full dtype with the given dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple in the given list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for builder page information .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  apply a callback to the original model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  model   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  call to manage .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  call   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns an iterator over the specified symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  return a wsgi application object for the current thread .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic method .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the tests to run the example switch the commandline directory .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take a category version string or a category name and return that the authorization version of the category contains names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  run a job on the given job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   null
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return denotes services in denotes .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get whether an endpoint from a given grid string .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render a page based on the entire entire configuration .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  serve   handler
truth:  render   render

test:  returns the list of alert addresses of a resource - used by requests .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  right right data for []label subcommand data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  align   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   folder
truth:  do   null

test:  imports an object to a string and returns a message .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions modules .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  parse and return the data rendered by git if we know about .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  list field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  list   find
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a 1st order linear order linear differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorate object class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  return a random permutation hook with the layers that can be used as a random permutation .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and assert that are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like l{chr} but decodes a strings into a string .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  like   value
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  tries to wait for the specified time .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  click   click

test:  replaces flux code at a regular expression name .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  replaces   parse
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  check if this module has been initialized for the process environment .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  closest of array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  null   a

test:  light variant of number of items from experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport to port .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comment nodes from node .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   find
truth:  given   a

test:  adds settings to the into mongodb .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  settings   return
truth:  insert   insert

test:  writes one entry to the specified plugin .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  provide   build
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a factory that takes a able and calls it in a replacement object .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  returns true if n is a prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  [[np data: .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   shift
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  concatenate conditioning vector with get_user() .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the containing the packets containing a constant value .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  set   get
truth:  create   a

test:  define a warning .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  define   mark
truth:  declares   null

test:  print flowgrams for sff clustering files .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  print   null
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  when the auth was run a service and can be run .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  given a list of attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent all spaces in the text with spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   utility
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  this is a list of connection to api on their constants .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the home directory path .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the unicode .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a token to render our token .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a set of contents for a particular field .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   unix
truth:  is   null

test:  step matcher .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  step   a
truth:  change   change

test:  returns a dictionary of actions that are actions and a list of actions in a given format .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the directory and index of the given datetime .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure a bad time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  make   null

test:  a synonym for the integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the list of properties of the type spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  filter out a given value from a source or tuple .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  extracts   null

test:  a function used for snapshot .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for a service to raise an exception on this application .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set redis palette with matplotlib .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  change   matplotlib
truth:  set   set

test:  a constructor for basepath that tries to skip an object .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   name
truth:  if   checks

test:  replacement for a given module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  like   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return true if point is before the point that we build a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure dataframe function .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   shift
truth:  if   test

test:  the largest of trie not use this for setting .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by the ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  null   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  from all yule-walker clients .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  generates   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return gecos field info and return it in a dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard role *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard entering
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed when skill tries to allow imports in default/person - used for the map .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns path to a remote repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  short   get

test:  iterate over the attribute not profitbricks by the docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  iterate   fixes
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  flat flat integer tuple of indices along the series defined by rand_structure() .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   monitor
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   routines
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run closure-compiler when its running this module is running .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  formats an unambiguous representation as a l{unicode} .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  apply the values related to a function and keyword arguments passed to the python 3 .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - create trunk config .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  like simple post-hook .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  converts   a

test:  persist public key to return the list of template files .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  scale   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf graph for g parameters g : string encoding data for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  parameters rfc2822 divide lines in some impute code .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  null   text
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a valid user address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the entropy of a list of entropy .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  generates   null

test:  detail']if a tarball from the return code object .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  export   a
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a function to zero after it were run .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  function   loop
truth:  call   call

test:  run a repository on a remote repository .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  run   radon
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  manage for outdated .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  null   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the users is '/sources/<source>/users' data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the contents of a request type and return the contents .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  this is a list of inputs into n sized with len every dimension of the bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  is   matrix
truth:  if   check

test:  show details .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  just decodes the given file objects into a list of words .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  remove the whole objects recursively from the obj this is just a list of objects that occurs in the info .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  remove   encoding
truth:  null   idea

test:  return the path uri given the gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return tuple from p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used to send method and send its command line .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert list of strings into an additional string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  list   display
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a sentence from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether wrapper is available on the compute device cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of even samples of two numbers .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  mapping   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the currently-implemented value from a file .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  examples examples .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  square   function
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   web
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  a unicode handling version of unicode .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of rdfvalues .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the rgb color of hex color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to u'gray' and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize a username/password template file handle for a list of records .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   support
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the message zones to which a message belongs to .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read data into frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   read
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find a list of files that contain a specified path .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator for methods that fail no error handling .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  get a mac address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the theseriesisnotregularin%s' of a positive integer p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   index
truth:  if   test

test:  create a class as a disabled query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  process all entity by moving or a property should be quickly as the best for one or more memory identifier .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  process   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  recursive helper to get dict and converts it to content-type sense .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario should not be able to post after each scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   call
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the email status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears out the common prefix with the specified kb .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the given field is field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template dictionary of extra parameters into a numpy template and the frequency dictionary .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  generate command line arguments to generate the arguments label: the command line + argparse arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  function   arguments
truth:  command   command

test:  parse a single blast record and return it .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns list of fields as a field returning a field and fields as a field key .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  translate dictionary of parameter attributes .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  translate   polynomial
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  convert unicode to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  like   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear a module name in the current module .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the admin database connection information from a user .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the value of the given bits .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  read   byte
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  accepts collection of collection of text objects .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  accepts   text
truth:  result   result

test:  stores a model class by the id of the exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  test that distances works with stockwell data .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  update dependencies of g .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  assign   method
truth:  mark   mark

test:  wrap oauth2 argument which has been logged in a given registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get request .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem name based on name and %}{% .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  merge url of repo_url to a given location .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  copies   merge
truth:  specified   clones

test:  helper to check if a line is available for a specified frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  to   gcode
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a matched matched from its configured .
truth: add tag . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the argument name so that it does not exist .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  change information to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  change   change
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  create a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vbd record and update it with the vbd .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the given function has been set .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a time zone .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parses   create
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict with datarows fields for each dct .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   items
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts that the condition is an array of condition or optionally a specified condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  select an music for where the current playlist is currently active .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the platform data directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string s to a quoted string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  translate   current
truth:  given   null

test:  test the list of files against a environments pep 302 files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a job to the scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  this function is called with a tty .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  function   start
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats estate : none the name of the target .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the number of items in a release .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the windows biosql instances cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  adds   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a number to the number of seconds as a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the first symmetric form of the group n .
truth: return base . 
test:  if   a
truth:  base   base

test:  catch the custom environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   new
truth:  build   build

test:  for testing .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  replace special chars in subject to have only one line .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  obj   database
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   utc
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a source of all its index .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the object to get obj and return obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  short   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach chuang to sha1_hash[0:20] problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of attributes that public shift shift the given nbits change .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove the region of a saltenv of relevant data .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  create   html
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  returns filename to an absolute path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   ipython

test:  create a valid scheduler filters from the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  skills skills skills for relative relative relative relative copy copy copy copy .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  rules   discovery
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address is a xcode_settings all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  return   return

test:  newer for the target with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nicer nicer .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform a list of numbers that can be extracted by the n .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  monomial multiplication .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   square
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  reads all of the custom_metrics that we need to have written between projects and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  function   a
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to reset the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get and wait for which we use this shell .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo calls to stdout .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  change   change

test:  shapedata output of the external data structure .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete the image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  decorator for studio .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  decide the given integer to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  round   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a standard swift header string with the headers and values from the state list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the full module typed by the string .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  return   a
truth:  github   github

test:  update software in tables .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  update   index
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator that skips a test if django is not in the class .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   insert
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sample ids sorted by ascending field name .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sort   otu

test:  get all the targets we need to pass in multi-rater .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a text that is passed to a text .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  get   a
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the chance for a matrix .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or check .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks if a large string is over an iterable of values .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  test if the given if to stop is valid or not .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns ubuntu ami ami to the given release or none .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  raises   task
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 or bytes to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   filter
truth:  if   null

test:  test reading a large matrix with same shape .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to generate the node repr of a test .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   arguments

test:  get the extension or list of tasks .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for view specific response if view isnt a view or method .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper function to return the number of zeros .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  load required information and return a message .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  does   null

test:  formats a nested list of the commands .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets the top level node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  like   like

test:  call each variable in the series/index that each dimensions returns a string .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  call   null
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute a w/o polynomial .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a url to hook into social auth backend .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  go through the given rslices .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  using   a
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return inverse of integer part of a vector .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   callable
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a suitable tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the given data is valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   file
truth:  perform   a

test:  flag data matrix for lab2 .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  provide   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to generate all alignment seqs in the specified filepath .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   properties
truth:  default   default

test:  the inverse of 3 parts .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the last word of a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to pass to arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds / headers to the cache .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  adds   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a random # seed .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the identity identity key for the specified eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the volume dict for the passed date metadata .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sql against a vpc server .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validate that value is a valid email addresses .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over the trees in a prodoc file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this module has the libcloud module .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  returns the inverse of a inverse number .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  entropy of x and y when the cubic of the cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  given a key string .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service instance in a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  close   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clone a new data center for this vmware environment .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  display the message and return a dict .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  warning   a
truth:  null   a

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  the patch for many paths to the passed path .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  like   like

test:  attempts to parse versions of a codepoint and return .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  null   function
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode json to json so that it can be embedded in <script> become embedded in <script> and escapes the given json string to use in <script> and json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  string   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create a classmethod for each group on a list of ports data but stores a security group .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying cache data file from deactivated .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  creates a relative package name .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update a config object .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  update   exit
truth:  null   section

test:  returns quoted index .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  print the error output in split and arrive .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   function
truth:  print   print

test:  load the specified files as a tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds domains from stretching as another message .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release an chapters after use in the given l{instance} .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   movie
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra against endpoints and stops monit to add_to_dump .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the storage cache for use in django .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the scenario to be stripped .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  arrays   disconnect
truth:  null   null

test:  url-encode strings including the corresponding to urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  get the first nt version of this module .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   lines
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete image by their images .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  override c{sys .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  return   return

test:  run the account for all the alert .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a python http response into a python object .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   status

test:  utility function to delete the api .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if the given agent is valid .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the webpack modules with webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  instructs   mako
truth:  install   install

test:  test if we cant show the data for full languages .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  get   function
truth:  if   test

test:  return a model for the a process .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the given path exists .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  merge up a backup into a tar datastore .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove a temp entry from the server .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  file   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  program base64 program parser export format .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  normalize the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  replaces   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove special directories that is created by the project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string representation of a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class with package level lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the return value for the pool .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an absolute path to a file .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to cm object for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get point enough segment segment from a segment and the trial .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cleans string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  cleans   escape
truth:  replaces   a

test:  add path to the file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  like synchronously .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  like   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  truncates mapping file to truncate .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  truncates   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template context .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best to return .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a group of sequences .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete text method .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  run   run

test:  write all instances in file-like object as a string .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  write   a

test:  tests that the user is created with a single user object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  map fk4 template variables to console .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  we have a spec that can be used as a <p> test .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get points of source points .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  computes the percentage of percent into a string .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a path from a list of pairs .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  get a module specified by a module name which has an undefined attribute specifications .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  split a pathname into a <path> .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that it is the input argument and unpickle the supplied flags .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the oauth2 draft .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix of the suffix without a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the condition in a set with functions to the specified condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extract specified message info into backends .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  calls   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  this function returns the currently active string or the global python module if no threading is currently active .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the given slug type name for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a backing cache to the given cache if no cache is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   run
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into an opcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the model and update it with the given project_type .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  replace all items in obj with the given item and return it .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  replace   open
truth:  null   standard

test:  check that *exactly* cannot be installed .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  issue   packagefinder
truth:  make   null

test:  return list of custom libraries in the specified libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   images
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator for dropping .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer from host-byte order to host-byte byte order .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes all the provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  deletes   helper
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  see   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns relative path to a resource relative path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the email address for a process .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a stream of memory from the stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a helper method to render the current file name and return the real attachment record .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return a collection of nodes for g .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the git branch for the current axes .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files to a list of files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  check   check

test:  compute float exactly the total p0 + jb .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  get the calendars distribution for a user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  get   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert path to the egg from the egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current thread .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  adds an aware datetime to an aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  returns ljung-box array from a and 1s .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generates   matrix
truth:  null   implementation

test:  turn a random password into "length" device .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   a
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to use as the argument .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that imageidfield cannot be created .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a batch of text .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generates   text
truth:  function   function

test:  execute and return desired desired powershell command : none if any config returns data to load the desired powershell repository rev: an how or failure .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a pickle data which can be sent .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random triangular algorithm with the given state and returns a random rows 0 .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  check for info module if haproxyctl is present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  check   zpool
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  for testing .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  null   file
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a sequence of points .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create an platform to iterate over all of the fields .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test pip .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  retrieve snapshot data for a snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   record
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  returns the random item in the table as a dict .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   neighbor
truth:  turn   a

test:  call the whole connection with arguments and timeout -> none .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  call   warnings
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  single transaction view view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   milestone

test:  check to see if the availability module is available for all available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  check   set
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  am every iterables in node .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get the service by compute host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a select query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns data whose non-dominating binding bindings are supported on the minion .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  returns the correct "<" id .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> binary .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   address
truth:  null   null

test:  helps which we cant use the messages .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the entity kind from a string .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  for a given object .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  reference implementation of the currently set by the module name .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  place   implementation
truth:  null   a

test:  sample for testing with flaskbb .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  fixture   input
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a createdproject list .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   running
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file name .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read styles from a shared table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  get the batch key for the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if a string is a docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  if   entry
truth:  check   check

test:  validate a string containing a authmechanism option .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the attribute for the given path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of all available ports .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  get   utility
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if player for the first site stack .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   import
truth:  verify   null

test:  get metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to require a view in the database .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the ips of an ip address .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether a qt object is a votable or a votable object .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create a test function in a specific object .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment reject section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current plugin setting cli example: .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  splits a file system path to a profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a timestamp to the past between several observed and its block point .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the data portion of auth or pushes files .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield standard directories for all directories in the given file and generate a complete object .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  verify   sys
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the restful handler for students reruns registration registration list for the given course .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  look   null

test:  converts a transformation entry into a list of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  find stats from foreign node .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test raw test objective test .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return the previously saved indentation in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  reduce   f

test:  registers the backup bar as an object .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  null   null

test:  writes debug information to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  create   html

test:  create a os .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  determines the output length of a convolution operation on a single axis length or use a given input size of a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  output   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test predicate .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  used   exp
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a domain header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a class or binary class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two filename and return true if the lhs is nan .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  if   check

test:  updates all plugins .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  updates   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for return .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from github issue coordinates to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensure that timing functions with galactic related to the unit .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   rl_backward_char
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a pprint .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  landing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the prerequisite structure for managing block structures .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether an argument is an integer .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that the topic method is marked as a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instanceactionapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run extra tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  run   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  get check to see if the channel has a loop and enabled .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  if   null

test:  return a command to stderr .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  used   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic function for loading a tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the last path of the file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  add constructor for xmodules in yaml using peer_info .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   store
truth:  initialize   null

test:  aux function to connect to a new value .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  name   in
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to get a requirejs-wrapped document links .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the items in the given dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  transport -> a polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a docker source and generate wrapper around src .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write the given data to a file .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   data

test:  attempts to return the email address of an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  email   email

test:  if there are a list of all options .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  parsed   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon partitions platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return information about the kafka client .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first correlation matrix .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  computes   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete the policy from blobstore .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   query
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the mangled version of the given resource .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   class
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the strategy for user if current request is logged .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  set   a

test:  build the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an :musicbrainz:isrc key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  build   get
truth:  search   search

test:  return a positive integer k such that n is a positive integer n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the project for project or project if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations for a given dimension of iterations .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   set
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for python 2 .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  null   formatting
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether the action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a possibly value to utf-8 if the object is not a bytestring and its utf-8 .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  formats a string representation of the given type .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the path .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  format   header
truth:  requests   requests

test:  iterate over a corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the model with edit .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   a

test:  export commits to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  translate   everything
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an s3 s3 location to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  return   query
truth:  upload   a

test:  log body to the request .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns the anonymous user object corresponding to a given user and none if the user has none .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return standard namespace name in icon .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  turn   helper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the composer component .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  given a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load social backend backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  load   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  exclude a slice .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the cursor behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   in
truth:  delete   character

test:  returns a list of parameters of all the parameters of a list of layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  translate a map[ascii selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert mpl input to the given image or filepath .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the specified user does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compute x along sparse matrix based on sparse x .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert an dask array to a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode hypertext from the commands .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   get

test:  when a logout has been set .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  null   display
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the posix executable in the path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   folder
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   log
truth:  build   build

test:  given a symbol by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  given   name
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the current username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the position in the output: language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  preprocess text to pelican .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  book -- multinomial packets in __doc__ reference .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  =   dask
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator for views that checks that the specified header is a specific header and is that is that may get triggered this is a response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure lambda gets compiled correctly with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a link to the given fragment .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  text   generate
truth:  trims   null

test:  get a sequence of rest api on the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns true if database is actually a db .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle extension in the given video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace all files in text without the given unit .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  add a cache file to a creates an argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  compute   directory

test:  convert useless alloc to alloc .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  initialize a file descriptor for use with high precision .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  shut down the process .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shut   set
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  find all xml element in the given xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   a

test:  utility method to json .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  null   api
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the specified image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url from a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  takes a list of tuples to tup: .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  header   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function to approximate axis function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  remove special folders created by the output path .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around the right decorator .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   commit_on_success
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a musicbrainz id by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  create a javascript converter for a list of html files .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns locale locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  mock   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  enables that within-ordering lists of two lists .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   optimization
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterate over tuples from an element .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  iterate   handle
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  for saving an identity group .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  create   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the incoming service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if the extension supports a given extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  run any docstring as a new repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check that the moonish flag behaves correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  shared   in
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a series of hex data as a python int .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fdel task fdel logic for another function .
truth: like @property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  send byteenumfield vote or course_id .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  create a chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a domain from the session cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  predicted and start the url and : .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  uploads   context
truth:  runs   op

test:  example string from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  return a notfound server in a resource .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  read the latest certificate from config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  read   a
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object using the given alternatives method .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  format   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  a helper function responsible .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the specified job is absent name the name of the state to remove on the host .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse and return a mapping of the corresponding scale .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return path to mock .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   vector3
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert a string with utf or unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  like   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  list all available network ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   controller
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified user; is absent name the volume group to remove .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test that no model uploads .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  watch   test
truth:  to   try

test:  prevents an expression at all arguments and non-nested the given module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  transform a regression and a regression test with a python datetime object .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  transform   tests
truth:  url   url

test:  a simple login with json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  build the boto nested instance for an ec2 instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator to run a synchronous method on a wrapped method .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard deviation of the current context .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop directories with no directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote an item in a given item .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  undo   lists
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  strip all commented comments at the given comment in a comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  string   string

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   run
truth:  show   status

test:  return a list of all top-level formatting codes from a converter .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  return   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  print a html script in an in-process script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  idx the values of the array matcher signing .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write an object in an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a relative .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure hosts role defined in @roles succeeds .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  attempts to support a xy slice .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the modbus version of an array .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   edges
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of tuple contained in scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation of points parameters used by the optimizer parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  constrained   compute
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of the program names .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  if   a
truth:  find   program

test:  taking the given function .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether locale is used for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return base class with an mro name in a [cls]for .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  tuple   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if filename is a full extension .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the system id is properly registered with good temporarily .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  check   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  get the first packages to use for the python version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  get   os
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to seconds .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new project using a new wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   start
truth:  view   view

test:  transform x to block_edges .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  strip   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the data from the response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return system memory usage information for a given app-version .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the number of milestones milestones (e .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   api

test:  calculates a row given the multiplier penalty .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns style loss between every element in target array .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function returning a pointer with one argument .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  null   inspect
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts a django response to an bokehjs response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  if values are same as the sympy .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  if   pivot
truth:  return   a

test:  splits given source string into a single rcode .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parse code at the given line of each line .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  code   indentation
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder ]unifrac state to determine the sample value .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read compensation points and return a file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  morphing   objective
truth:  read   read

test:  generate raw match for a large number .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   runs
truth:  error   error

test:  return a list of nodes .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read the default config[ .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  set   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  this function works using the progressive script .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  compute   like
truth:  search   search

test:  print single usage code .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   mne
truth:  null   lx

test:  main entry point for arguments .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for issue #1256 parameters .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether the given binstar is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  package   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  see if there is a query object .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string argument to ordinal byte string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test that when boolean is true .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  combine markdown and markdown from html to markdown .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  using   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  puts a function to debug .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  determine if an address only contains a spec]elif .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  if   running
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether model perimeter is visible in reconstruction .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  test   custom
truth:  show   show

test:  serializes a message with a provided error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific configuration name to set on the running search name search : none in the running search search for which to true .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask flask request rooms .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the qr common prefix of an object .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the block window .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   axis
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a bunch of icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address present in use .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return list of services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  list   statistics
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a list of strings to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a given source .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   size
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  given   check
truth:  function   function

test:  prints out the given alignment and format from the given data .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  constructions --> base64 encoded task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  post   post

test:  this op return the gradient of a gradient or work .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to detect a unicode object for the given sequence .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  guess   guess

test:  some commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  null   load
truth:  launch   launch

test:  delete a file filename if exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install and generate a git package if it doesnt exist .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  install   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  show a backend image .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  function to parse a list of text if you have a valid string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  used   transpose
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate partial lines from a list of tuples .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  format   a

test:  setup the maximum logging backup to a backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  logging   count
truth:  sets   up

test:  create and return a web request for each request .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  null   helper

test:  parses an event character .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  given   null

test:  try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  to   try
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  notify data about a notification about one group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  notify   in
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to set on .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns string with newline stripped .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  string   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  assemble a record by the given grid and return a boolean .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  record   no
truth:  join   operation

test:  returns the path of the device named by the given path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the current strategy for this deployment .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  commit the flocker yaml time stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  collect   stop
truth:  github   github

test:  compare axes:: .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   struct_declaration
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the indentation of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  show   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all the enabled blocks for the specified user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that barcodes of the given header and other characters .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator which causes a function to test records .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm structure from numpy array .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   details
truth:  read   read

test:  encode file to base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the python modules .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  load   implementation
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an input stream of input from the specified applications file and output files .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  input   spam
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the current site has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to topologically the list of divide statements .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  like s .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path matches the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the data_start node on the local node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write failing data structure .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  checks or outgoing anonymous model for either attribute or urllib2 .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the vlan partition interface to the host with the vlan specified into the cluster .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests some useful information .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  call   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a method to nice create a dictionary .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  transform the map of the plugins to the container .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  transform   entry
truth:  spawn   a

test:  the normalize-space function .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  perform bcaches based on the mapreduce .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  code   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test user input .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the timezone of s to be rendered in string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare old files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a add a request to the mod .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy the instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  marks   instance

test:  list all github parameters .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a list of objects to post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns whether or not an installation is running .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new ajax document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns standard order for the last start: .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  converts the dataset to a dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with old variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be attack .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   history
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new letter in the configuration file .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   students
truth:  setup   setup

test:  format kinds for kinds in memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  format   information
truth:  cache   cache

test:  print the httperror .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  if   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  either be passed for entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize a single iteration file handle a debug output .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterates   iterator
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove all keys from the selected database cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  shut   return
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function to link to the url of the markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  function   processing
truth:  parse   parse

test:  decodes a path string from the rest path notation .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a node from the specified volume url with the specified instance .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  test that all no cursor is sent .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  test   participants
truth:  finds   participants

test:  show a color for the text .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns the power of the batch_size of a number .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  function   routine
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a sha1 .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create a path relative to colas asynchronous characters .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the collection location for a python module .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given an iterable of entry .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a replaygain check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  wrap a hexadecimal string classes to stdout .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   infer
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the specified service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   group
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a set of original median within plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verifies that the status is in the currently installed and returns a status subclass .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of list of ids to list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  convert   use
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a value into a timedelta object .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  is this a repository an browsable .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  is   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add missing path in a list to iterables .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   set
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for flexible impact rheader .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   resource

test:  a function to set the server configuration .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  null   new
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin allows you to execute a build step .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a binary binary file .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   null

test:  a helper for the subclass .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  cleans through all icons .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  unpack   change
truth:  sets   property

test:  this will save the html content of each html .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  use   connect
truth:  connect   connect

test:  transform a blaze form of expressions or algorithms over expr args: expr : expr state_data expr : expr or algorithms filepath prefix should be converted to algorithms .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  return the exact class for the given minion path .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  look   null
truth:  use   use

test:  extract the dimensions from the presend of a given number .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the pager and label for a jinja2 .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  sum   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  loads and returns the current files .
truth: open history . 
test:  loads   try
truth:  open   history

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  load config from the device .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   read

test:  set or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  update docker docker timeout in the banded field .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  update   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a document from an s(z) object .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : token | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  split the first file filename into a file in the path .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if and only if the given vector is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws aws aws aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy a file reference to another directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  file   file

test:  utility function to remove a file rm rm filename .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate a string using a bootstrap_formset signed security groups .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a 0smoothed .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for a given view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  test text with a patched transaction .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   run
truth:  is   null

test:  make a sitemap that has been used for high-wave .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  null   task
truth:  build   build

test:  creates a protobuf from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  draw a single sample of a square image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the data that a pillar is to be sent .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  is this a nilrt decorator .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  is   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  returns first match the specified pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a cell into the header represented by the header .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  be   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns filename of current file .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract sign a port number from a expo .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a string containing an instance into its component parts .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  find a value for the specified package .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar from square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   try
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  transform   x

test:  takes an image object and returns image with the input conf .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  input   a
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  copy a neon .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  copy   flocker
truth:  start   a

test:  stream" edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  waits for a problem to be valid .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  processing   momentum
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  log name based on nodesplit and name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  name   parse
truth:  split   node

test:  returns a relative path for the given xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   volume

test:  this method is called by the setting when the setting parameter is created .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  null   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the full matrix of given matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  prompt   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first message should be displayed .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the entire suite of the given file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  converts a function into a different string .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a list of files for a file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for operation to be updated .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of testing users .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 string .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an entry in the current request .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  using the user model .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  using   json
truth:  get   get

test:  create items from db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  create   items
truth:  null   null

test:  a page with the subfolders object as instructor status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  null   task
truth:  view   method

test:  returns individual speed for given road .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the module label for the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  fetches   a

test:  ensure that a is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return location of salt-run or evoked .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  render rendered markdown to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   return
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing ssl output from a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  returns unicode string version of encoding .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to set keyring .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for the given user ids .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the database type .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify the right censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with expected values for 260 with the expected value .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   counts
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  most credentials can be parsed without the user .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   credentials

test:  makes a service to the new service path for web services .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple error .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  compile the model with given synchronisation * if a given dimension is union of a given dimension loss contains a single dimension * recurrent the output of all remainder python
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  model   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find out an installed command .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   check
truth:  grab   drac

test:  determines the path to an executable command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  retrieve push and configure the course for a course as (1) the given course on the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  retrieve   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is binary .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  make sure scheduled does not find __init__ .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  check   access
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a new task for all metadata found in the specified task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  make   fingerprint
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd display .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program for our action instances .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new theano dynamically produce a dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the data about the given api url from the given api url .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  get   dummy
truth:  return   data

test:  return all jobs for the job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  measure of vectors in x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  create   create

test:  given a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a non sqlite length cli example: .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  sign given permissions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the default applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given a key to a value .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  given   set
truth:  map   map

test:  call workers in the directory if it exists .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  establish   columns
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  get the query for a given table .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  get   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a file using the given filename and return it .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   loop
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of coverage java agent string .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the sample size in the human readable by the human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  read out the screen options and password .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  required   items

test:  return the push for a registry registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  push   push

test:  this is a postscript method for create_payloads .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  like   routing
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  function to return the sha1 template name in the given series of sysrc .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  like prodoc .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  like   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  android android module .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  raises   configuration
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts a user for authorization auth password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  decode the swap characters necessary for each line .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the file number of file .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test fixing functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an iterator of edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list 'priority controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  list   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  factory that returns a list of the password file descriptors either a single variable or a string or a .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests getnameinfo .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances that match all instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take a string using the given path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  order   install
truth:  depth   depth

test:  pass in the cachedir to the cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get all search list .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 and utf-8 unicode .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize the specified module string in a specified module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  attempts   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop all the geonode instances .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  disable   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line match at least squares .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   up
truth:  input   input

test:  if data is installed by name .
truth: given a location . 
test:  to   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add an per index .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   point
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the process with a given pid file .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   force
truth:  stop   a

test:  gets the alarm device name for a given entity device .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  selfupdate function .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   argument

test:  return url and dns url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  url   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the name of the given commands .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' for facilities when doing a req_match .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  source   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  returns the currently active request or none if no request is currently active .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   get

test:  make a directory .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  make   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists of rfc publish_display_data attributes .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  function   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  returns a dict containing the image data and calls them .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  rewrite the following in the body: debugging .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  decorate   i
truth:  have   i

test:  find a trie keys .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits and clean an identifier for elementary .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  encodes   use
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all app app .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  helper function to do the param will read any optional parameters from the query .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator that automatically transfers a function if critical .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  this function should raise a single test if given a value cannot be given .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  constructs a google redirect request for displaying an incoming page .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  constructs   generation
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type with the native python type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  return ref .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates and raises a mapping variable .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  format a legend with plot .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  format   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  filter students with given key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert mysql encoding to byte string .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the zk ip address of specified file .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote name and execute it only if a watch shell .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate and return a the specified key for the specified key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the hermite reciprocal of the hermite function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  step   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  return a dict describing the decision behavior .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   current

test:  returns the class available for the given model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a extension for a .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return all tokens in json .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  matches the given handlers from handlers .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page uri in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  given a courses enrollment object .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the default filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for tid work .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   args

test:  this is a padded where required to find it from the distribution has no locks .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  is   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should have at least the first tags parsed with tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  features   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  simple wrapper for data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create the others path from the appropriate module name .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  fill function used by measures the desired shims .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  fill   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get reference to a vm .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test a level file .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test that all djangos functions can be set .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   start
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set / add a file to the given path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   path

test:  try to parse position as a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  if   query
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   use
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  return a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  a valid nodes in the specified cluster .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update user change user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  owned   use
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value from a list of addresses .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats a dict like babel properties .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  gets the version of a future based on the given version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  remove the .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error between response .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  error   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  stores a list of indices in the provided list .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   point
truth:  display   display

test:  process all volumes in a generic volume .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  handle to make a microsite suffix .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  validate a cutoff function .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  validate   product
truth:  cast   a

test:  calls the user calls for the highest thread .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  be   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a resource servers to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get a vserver instance .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash of the given object .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  remove the session messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send email after full message to the list of email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the tamper script from sqlmap this tamper script
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize all init usage by poll the hot-wired thread in a dictionary with protocols .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   key
truth:  importing   null

test:  used to replace the login backend details in a given backend .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   urls
truth:  gets   null

test:  enforces a setting string to the salt for embedding .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   reduction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  transposes   a

test:  prompt() appends a single space without a stream with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize finder finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  place   database
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for api methods to be a method on a flags .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host processes to a file .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  produce a string for valid integer .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing non-stop-codon x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an empty dict from the template .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   keys
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a clique ring .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a local message in the currently selected status .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  make sure the recipient we can run faster .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  using   null
truth:  send   a

test:  return a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of the matrix that broadcast a .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the last contents of the invoice against the last defined by invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a configuration object .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  creates   a

test:  splits multiple options to a list of classes .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  force   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return information on a specified package cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   a
truth:  package   package

test:  replace complex string to lowercased xml entities .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  finds all field and optionally finds the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  finds   data
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the timezone in current timezone .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  generate md5sum of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  return   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given c for use in nxm .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate specified qos specs for given volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  sphere sphere coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  calculate   equation
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   up
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  plugin registration .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  plugin   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse cuda .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   something
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check that astropys transform for heliocentric transform does this is just a hostname escaped salt:// squared transform .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   float
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httprequest according to the given httprequest -- but only if the given httprequest is an ip address of the given httprequest
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  alternative true when f returns f is a wrapper around the linear discount values .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  create a store category in a specified .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the module that the given error string timestamp .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of pages in the given list of urls .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  get json object of the query .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  delete comment methods .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  delete   docstring
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  test that the string is sharing output .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  test   test

test:  install and install an infinite role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  process whether the given value is a valid type .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   a
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv6 address in compact representation to script_name address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  return load information from remote vm this requires some filtering .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a base .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for importing test that uses the same state as one .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a path for a file by the desired name cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the type of a given argument .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get lyrics engine info query for the given api url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb on clip files from path .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make <value> to a frame in a plain frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  to   try

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a simple view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  redirects   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a utf-8 encoded string to unicode .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   bytes
truth:  decode   a

test:  get the current community community string .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  get   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   remove
truth:  update   collections

test:  return the actual lock of the same name .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask in a question; for the answer .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns the matrix with vector .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  returns   transpose
truth:  trace   trace

test:  github issue thought .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  singular   rename
truth:  test   test

test:  computes absolute key for use in s3 .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate a loop of a doctype with a tree structure or control .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is called only when an profile service is supported .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a unnormalized .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   g
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the current time for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  restarts a replacement for metrics .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns json representation of json data .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  converts   a

test:  import any python hook just return hook .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  import   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk type to be created .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  using   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the container agent agent to a given container .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a tuple of data mask for a given int and offset mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  specified   get

test:  return a standard out of the specified prefix cli example: .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the same as the parent of many continuous .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  using   everything
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  check   directory
truth:  test   cube

test:  convenience function that creates an existing inventory and returns it .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  function   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne data .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if vtk is a valid version .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  resolves   sets
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   set
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns an array of parameter size .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if xml library exists without downloading the root server .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  if   read
truth:  parse   parse

test:  translate an application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a dict whose symbol is a valid emissions integer this function allows you to use an "keys" .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  used   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  use this decorator to cache the httprequest object as the given object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a control client that will run with the given service .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the list of unique argument names in this is the proper dictionarys names and the list of challenge values .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  is   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  just for all the files in the directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   faces
truth:  finds   null

test:  test x title with a plot component .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  add and save the affine table from disk table .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  conversion text info should show a kill .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  text   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts google .
truth: converts db . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  db   db

test:  test to make sure that (-1)*100 on deserialize data which read a duplicate file representing soup' - a list of input data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  context   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   get
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  classify implementation of observations .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given model is callable .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a widget widget for use in a master class .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db and units match after the on-disk file ceased after format are marked after the on-disk file ceased units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   column
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a compiler compiler module name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove returnelif from node to set an event on source files to the file .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  internal parser for ssl service :return: a certificate object .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  add a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test ws[ with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  see   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a local config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  return   options
truth:  read   read

test:  test that expired works when its own library is expanded .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache filename .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for sessions .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   method
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the tag to a remote tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a tuple of signatures .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  collect common charset against a set of strings .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  removes headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function wrapping a numpy array .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  function   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merge a branch .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the log message .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  log   assert
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram based on 2d fft in a csr .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build filename through filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  filename   pass
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a delete to nova cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  election worker(s) .
truth: hold election . 
test:  query   action
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test for testing .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the current machine from the device cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   attempt
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a helper function for sequences of the input matrix parameters dtype : ndarray or file-like object a : int .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves subtasks records to task .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  clip   network
truth:  determines   number

test:  go through the messages for one message .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  using   encoder
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process the loops by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for a viewset .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  a list of unequal components from the destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the var api described in the interface .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  to   version
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to stop gradient attributes .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  function   gradient
truth:  returns   variables

test:  returns a list of resource ips that an ip address is defined in the given master and it .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  to   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if a ca ca version satisfies :type file-like str .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the number of linkage that correspond to the right distance matrix .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  remove the rank from a matrix .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  take   a

test:  verify that a local ip address for the given value use by the user tags .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  verify   windows
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add a small to an array of overlap in reverse order .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   adjacency
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  split a string into separate lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  split   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend handler for cache .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   page
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of paths to running on the computenode .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  bg color of application .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   color
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for pretty to allow self .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a user has existing backend .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  handles   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true for two hash .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  mark a function as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns problem_raw_score_changed limit according to requested limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  does   truncate
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  validate time freq and a datetime or aware datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   date
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points by spherical .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  flip   jclouds
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  registers the c_cudadeviceprop class .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some pure python tests .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  run the property of an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  run   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  format links with a template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  convert decimal to human-readable array .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  function   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  get tool types from tool shed or instance fn .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document to a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a generator .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   accepts
truth:  upload   executive

test:  convert a resource file to a course .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock the python file handle lists .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   function
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that attribute should be returned as a list and properties .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  mixed   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  return a version of currently installed versions of null or newer .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an instance of a cookiecutter query when packed is deleted .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  return   show
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  convert the matrices matrix to a new scipy .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a dd-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  simply delete files and update the desired commit stream .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get pillar output from ssl keyring .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  retrieve a reference to the log file path for the specified app_name .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  returns true if the given vector has any entire operators .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  returns   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  get a list of available dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   current

test:  return report based on its messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a higher order with a few network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  function   deserialize
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict as a dict .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   return

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer integer integer or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  positive #1150: and .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the requested topic .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  find whether the distance given a distance string .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  scales   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  template_params read invalid characters in block .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  set   return
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country codes in the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   basename
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure line and fail w/ timeit .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  create   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  convert a piece of a raw point points to a dict .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  convert   sphere
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete a job successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders from a folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse of 0 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   version
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a current user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  with a column of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  to   start
truth:  clean   up

test:  return the result of data that can be a tuple of arrays .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  save all gpu urls within a page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  null   child
truth:  checks   page

test:  return a list of all detected dup .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   values
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to decorate methods with connection objects required by comparing instances of a given request .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for default .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the variables in the static transaction .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the normalized average of the axis data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the old scale of the conditional scale given observations .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that the informative matrix values are no reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns true if the function is true .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject all existing aws config files to aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   a
truth:  called   null

test:  nameid the sorted list of employees of the pdb .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  align   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  render an editable template .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  null   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy vertical source code to the document .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  formats   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test the test data in dot22_to_dot22scalar .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gets the titles titles from the given line .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  gets   utility
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a string in a list .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  evaluate a match against a flocker_volume_options of the given expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  return a single file to use for this script .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number as hex string to integer .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  translate a compound compound .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  strip the negative data from labels .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  loads   mr

test:  return the similarity of the vector function .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  implements   implements

test:  read - timestamp between two possible values .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function that returns a path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the specified service is not a pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the set of students grades for the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with datetime object .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  formats   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  helper to set callback for testing .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a static item from the script .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade all packages via opkg upgrade or a specific system cli example: .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrades   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  the function to serve the locale files .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  return a background background vector with a given vector .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   cast

test:  mask mask by id .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  mask   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  shared information about process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the value of a different interface and name .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  input   input

test:  set the set of till modules that have the logrotate module .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  rest controller to retrieve options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  check if headers are removed by the specified headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a list of all members as a tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  compress   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move up a app with multiple systems and move it to the current request using few parameters .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  perform   up
truth:  text   text

test:  calculates the default network model with a given host name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add messages to message in delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  add   keyword
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the type specified in the power types .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  view for certain base score of the base bases in mapping of the base bases .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  encrypts   measurement
truth:  bins   bins

test:  returns the singleton in the root directory .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup status with default set of tasks .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  tracing   up
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert statements to a version string .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given iterable is an arbitrary one .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the simple class for a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture to setup the bindings controller .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   use
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  like np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   x
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  using   reader
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test 89 validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   slug
truth:  test   latitude

test:  helper to generate a schema for a schema field .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new modeladmin .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   new
truth:  null   method

test:  a list of indices where the first and last take one .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return the type that isnt uris .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs this function .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  runs   create
truth:  config   key

test:  create a listener for testing with a given key .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   python
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an html string into a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  given x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving user data delete a list of status status .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  converts a clsid to a lcid interface .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   facet
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert an image that contains a programmes group .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop the specified container container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  computes the encoded hash algorithm using 2147483647 .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a class with an attribute set the proxied attribute of a given proxied .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add timestamp to path .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an ajax response into an oauth2 or current .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  converts   response
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  yield successive chunks from iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a set of sequences from the original set of sequences .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an new-style field with the provided f .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   strip
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the rendered (q) of a dict .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register all the github commit .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a dict with some data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  just returns the fitness kwarg .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  returns   fitness
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility function: 1 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  run a info and return info .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  identify   check
truth:  if   null

test:  login in the broken changes .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  log   in

test:  helper for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  transforms   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return text with a specified pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  text   root
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears all history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   generator
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate the next graphs .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the arg argument to a .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  replace the description of an object .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  apply   html

test:  load python file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   null
truth:  bundled   load

test:  extend metadefinitions to files .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  place   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine if the given error was waiting .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open text from file and return its tested .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  text   converts
truth:  text   text

test:  add proportions to tt test based on a single channel .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  error   a
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian to n .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   gcd
truth:  convert   a

test:  create rpc object that will be passed to the given blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the user can change the group .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the status of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a cells from a signature string containing integers 1 into a network ast .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the filter for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  function   html
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  checks if a server exists based on the specified host path .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate pairs for use in numeric data .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a slug slug which can be used to make this method is supported for every db .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the state of the state command to use in error .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   current
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd b in ascending order .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decorator for creating global case where the original class will cause a class with statement and calling the original state .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test for a loadbalancer in the given name .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  test   a
truth:  change   change

test:  set the default value of the current http request .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   set
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a file or subclass .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to getattrs .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  writes out the .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  rename   create
truth:  store   information

test:  measure measure of custom area based on the configuration .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the valid email for valid domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   get
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a pkgver and exit .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  for desktop .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  exception handler for longest logging .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   temporary

test:  copy environment variables and update the given config file .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if *uri* is a urn in the given uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the first working logic .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  initialize   sparse
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts and return the base64 encoded key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the available vm sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  produce   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  print the gcode spec according to the given error .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  print   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate instance of pulling .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  escape the latex macros macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr computation .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  io   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a helper for temporary cwd .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   create
truth:  adding   context

test:  load an image from a docker image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  load   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  command-line program for a program .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  let   null

test:  parse a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  parse   datetime
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso 8601 time to a datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  non-differentiable systemctl over openshift-img-streams .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  generate and return the s3popuplink context for firefox status .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  generate   values
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  if condensed is a method .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  input   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  cleans paths from database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  cleans   teardown
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse storage data from a blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the latest file for a specified filename .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  turns code from the given code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  code   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ensure that a number is bits in source_path .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until the state supports a power instance .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  request   power

test:  get the debug name of the current user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes an id and returns a list of int strings .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  add the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  test that expired can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to a sympy expression with a regular expression .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get the disk buffer in the registry .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  given   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   compile
truth:  expected   null

test:  test for a pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that ensures the current process is not a led or dirs .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  remove the bcache provider names of the bcache .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  merge files that have a deep message .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  translate   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  format a new config file .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  format   parser
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a unique name on a name which is unique .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a modified query string .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  return   database
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a string representation of the given node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   assert
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture that modify a test client for the given github .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  replace %xx escapes by the argument .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  replace   app
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  since token .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  token   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a human readable frame to wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a command-line arguments for the context of a command-line way .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  build   run
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the order of an order as a list .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively unpack items from nested dictionaries .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  emulate   apply
truth:  to   iterator

test:  return a controller to the controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a domain vat number to a port number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  conjugation relation for multiple absolute usage of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return dict describing how to change to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an instance of a template variable with the context variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves a rational or generalized two linear differential equation with the degree of the given differential equation examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  test some advanced maths .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  iterator over the sequences by the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parses the yaml table data structures parsed by opentype data .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get a mock response object from "dur .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  mock   mock

test:  adds data to a widget .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  returns true if we can be used with a valid xml .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test that the s3 binary data files can be handled by the sphinx name .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text has been updated by a constant info .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  cache for creating a added; cache for interacting with this object from the paste data .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  cache   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  create a present users .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  create   users
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugin paths for the files .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  private wrapper to generate a query to that returns a dict of the http server .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  produces   data
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of a tensor along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if value is less than or equal to the same memory address .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with a scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read a block file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  reverse all messages .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  template tag is rendered via djangos context .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  null   ony
truth:  -   -

test:  given an exploration id .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  convert   summary
truth:  fetches   null

test:  fetching this is from the release of your node if available .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  have   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  permission related to permission .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  handles   edit
truth:  null   item

test:  invoke invoke entry point for a map to reach a and b .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten response to log response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  unmount a path .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  tuple   settings
truth:  return   size

test:  create attributes .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a string from a influxdb influxdb units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list all registered projects in the request as a dict .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the rule or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that the creation of a pickling estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a custom patch .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import a package describing the given package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   split
truth:  return   return

test:  install the user to django .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   django

test:  read and set up most common configuration options .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  default   image
truth:  set   gl

test:  pass through the batched logs .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a pending attribute of object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  delete   connection
truth:  to   null

test:  ordlist(s) -> string return a copy of utf8 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  add a palette to the palette .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  instantiates a tensor if one and returns it .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  check   number

test:  return the list of recently entries for the given list .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   titles
truth:  usage   usage

test:  raise the kernel matrix of distances .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  select   return
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  inherit s to the current color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return reporting dict mapping command line numbers to debugging .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory containing the file in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the number of binary objects of n and the given number of binary data .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   iterator
truth:  display   n

test:  returns the sentence of a nested sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines whether a version string can be used as a tuple .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make an concurrently tuple as a full object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   dataset
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return a random give secret key .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the path to the server msg from this process .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   path
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured lxc call path .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  queue queue .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   manager

test:  return columns and decoded columns to a single set of strings .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url for all label from a url .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  find the insteon 'device decompresses .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  remove   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is a no-op to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   release

test:  return a wrapper for view used in template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate project with the given network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  project   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due representation of course of a jinja2 formatted table .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  load a pickled .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   data
truth:  read   data

test:  load the manifest by the package from the specified package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  load   formats
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  request   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get yesterdays frequency from a datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the restful of topics and add topics to the self-generated .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   certificate
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds for this document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns subproject name matching one of the project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge a result to the given sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from a single image .
truth: grab image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send message to make the dpid in degrees of an existing account .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process on the nodes in a cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  control-n where the current event is created .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  log   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the specified question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   a

test:  fetches the json dataset .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  fetches   file
truth:  read   in

test:  for image compatibility .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  returns ssh logging to tx estimator over an array of length axis .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  assemble   platform
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the value for a key or a dict .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dump f - maintain first kind of a certain tar .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   back
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of all state data hook .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  this function is a valid memory label .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test to make sure that quantity columns of quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  to   routine
truth:  test   test

test:  delete the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  check   check

test:  extract dates from each start of a given asset in the given asset .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  check   check

test:  allocate a new disk on the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string as a native object .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  i have a function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synchronized array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current request is a top context .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   log
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if username is a 'key marker .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  compare   handler
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return the path .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the list of files under root directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the build fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a test if unittest is false .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert terms from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  include   include

test:  return tuple for nested arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  bootstrap   names
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to a raw term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dictate for a division-by-zero process explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  replacement to enter the specific linking app or the current request provider .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  to   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a keyfile cli example: .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   method

test:  apply sqlquery library between 0 and ver2 .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it should extract only the expected failure as scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   feature

test:  clean up os .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  clean   duplicate
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a given user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the given code is a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get body for a bitmap .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the file path for the zoneinfo .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  generate dense entropy for use in dense weight .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  converts skeleton conditional inputs to help .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  map   normalization
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - for map by the custom_report method .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  form   rheader
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate documentation for seen test w this is just a given once .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  needs   sample
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  perform   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory containing the getcdlistdir database .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   exception
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance with invalid stats .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  return the cache of globals .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining description .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video filter status .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   new

test:  read a command from a remote location .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   a
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  given a corresponding scale number .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  given   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate the package name for a package and return the package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module to handle *name* .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  return the standard value of the array of values parameters x: : 1d array returns iterator of strings containing 0 .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  function   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up or run a publisher to render an file-like object tree .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  use this command to upload a file or a directory containing the typemap .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  use   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   register
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  text   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the specific logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  given an instance of the notification info .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  given   sending
truth:  renders   null

test:  convert a text to bytes .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the given signature is not a retret['comment'] where the :return: boolean .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  posts   traffic
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dict of the last function used for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  skip a test case from a list of this -iphoneos .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  name   a
truth:  null   word

test:  function string .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  name   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the jacard for the given boosting b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the learning graph for the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  encode unicode to json string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  returns the name of the given job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts 'cnf .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get span direction for the pseudo-xml .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  computes a string of the given sql key .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generates   sql
truth:  hash   hash

test:  return shared variable with shared elements .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  look for a package in a subdirectory directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  calculate the generating distance between a sound and y .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  set   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  list items of a pretty print merging matrix with fmatrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  list   compute
truth:  transform   a

test:  a shortcut for the url with the file handle .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  cancel   template
truth:  given   a

test:  execute the specified subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  execute   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  for image to translate alpha as scipy .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  perform a new random variable .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  send function using traceback text .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  function   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: inject-passwords updates the build for certain project .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  returns   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema on the specified host .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a type .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the sends environment to download a reboot .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  pivot the output of the given batch of shape .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  null   output
truth:  apply   a

test:  records the parent similarity of a parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  upload   repo
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as enabled by template_complex .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  null   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper method for the currently set and decimal datetime objects .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   review
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  release data to multiple data based on table .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  code   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read a file and return the resulting url .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  helper function to filter urls with a list of optional page or reflected .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  function   call
truth:  list   list

test:  determine a redirect to the user table from bitbucket .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on return .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  whether the context has been set to a little in one .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that column columns correctly when creating the column is added .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the given pattern matches the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   check
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   occurrences
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the test is not unicode .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  function   sqlalchemy
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  applies a 2-tuple of services to an existing location .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  to   euler
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function has a function as a function name .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a slow .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack tcpip to a unique data .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   unpack
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if value is valid .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return a tuple in bytes .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom by the bottom frame .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a surface of shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  left histogram of the image .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  post   post

test:  set a new figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  set   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the estimated sums of the mean .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns the raw appearance path for the given letter .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish storage package target .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   publishing
truth:  to   null

test:  return a hex digest of the key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  compute   compute

test:  print all modules under path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns iterable the first element of broadcast_arrays .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  null   implementation

test:  just a function calls the file in a xunitparser .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any files are present in the specified root .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  if   check
truth:  files   files

test:  a func with a data structure that can be serialized as an object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  func   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the running container of a container container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  import the minimum functions in use .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  import   function
truth:  return   parallel

test:  computes the base64 generated key into a string representation of an algorithm key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  constructs an email address for a given tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  constructs   data
truth:  get   get

test:  given a iterable of inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  given a country from mapbox and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   one

test:  update dll/exe in dll/exe dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  list   list
truth:  update   update

test:  return key info from gpg keychain keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more queues from queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar from database .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   helper
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt current sysctl into snmp config cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  correct   enable
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the connected epoch divided by the epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  fetch   settings
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for setting methods which need to be run as calls .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  service view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  launches a single registration view .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  launches   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of translation terms into a list of additional terms .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  guess a regression matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random api hash of the pbkdf2 data .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send edit command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns the node of a node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  write   a

test:  read all conversion contained in a file and return a list of lists .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  read   return
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the random network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given encoding and print to stdout .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a file or a protocols .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   attributes
truth:  gets   null

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a timestamp and returns a datetime object from a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a network record that will match the pageviewrestriction region format to specify a file on every node in the file .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned field id .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a batch of capacity versions of capacity batched_dot[i] duplicate .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  creates   generate
truth:  construct   a

test:  performs the string representation of a list of words .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  mark   normalize
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get command line arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  indentation   return
truth:  supports   null

test:  client api with fulfillment information .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  serializes   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  setup app .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  establish   default
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns an email address for the given show/movie .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a post .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets the respective property by number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  token   token

test:  return sklearn sklearn or tk .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   import
truth:  get   get

test:  just like type creation .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  like   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a simple fix attribute for the model .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  decorate   union
truth:  converts   payload

test:  get a list of items in a revision object .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  a replacement for python 2 .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature data .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f matches the adblock patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return copy of _ .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  step   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  pikn polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to ensure that the specified app is available on the specified app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a sqlite3 string md5 hash for a 128-bit seed .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a token looks like a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  uses   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  call the text loop which is still redefined this method visible to a loop loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  text   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  display video output .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  list   patches
truth:  merges   video

test:  is the example .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  signal   copy
truth:  null   initializer

test:  see if we are a valid dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the weightstr executable in the available docker weight .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   devices

test:  this function takes an wm_settingchange a wsgi server or dict .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list a "service" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all the line through the loop through the line with the line .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to return a list of polynomials as the current function .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  closes the countcount vectors .
truth: helper function . 
test:  model   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation reports .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add html page to an html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  based   get
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  get the name of the hosts that owns a given ip .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fast approximation of a function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if the mime hypothesis is available .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  return   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check the header value of the body .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wraps api returned by the first request .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom output for this script .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this is %s for filtering with related attributes .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  given an opcode object .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  full path to a directory to make it available and save to its lvm .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the installed functions .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the directories for the directories containing the parameters: .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a string from the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generate   alias
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns a mongodb node sets up to a node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert permission to string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  adds a user to emr if it has deactivated .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  used   update
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  recursively convert callback to a temporary .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   metadata
truth:  given   storage

test:  are we being asked to look up an iterable of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the microseconds field of a timedelta object .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   return
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  for a masked of descriptors .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   call
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create or update a **opt host .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  create   null
truth:  set   set

test:  utility to convert an sha512 file to a python dictionary .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   create

test:  idenfity a storage instance path .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  get   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release source files .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   file
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode object to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a function for the method called to handle all example: .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  return   python
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set an objects class which can be used with objects .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   view
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions of the versions .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of renderers for all renderers cli example: .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  translate an unix key to a valid key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   correct
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid of a log provider .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify we can be able to enable m1 .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  password   test
truth:  url   url

test:  generate a registers instance requires a tensor with a given name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud provider sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns the base base base base base groups .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get reference to use .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize a fake 4 backend .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function for testing .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  define   run
truth:  run   program

test:  create a named context .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convenience function for various analytics information .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  just like absolute path outside the resource .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check we have the indices and indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj looks like a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the named service is in the same state .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in h but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove zero or more removal from the specified repo if one already exists .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mask for each pixel .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add information about the course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  xml   merge
truth:  append   course

test:  test sanitized table names over normal table value .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  a function that returns a regular expression .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup separators .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   netmiko
truth:  set   set

test:  convert recformat to the numpy array .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  poweroff a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  run lowerd summary immediately .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  display   a

test:  return the units enabled in the current unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  to   null

test:  main entry point for the script using oauth status .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  exit   runs
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the module path to the appropriate sdk .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function that base64 return the base64 encoded .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  return   jose
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate linear ranking of a positive integer n - thanks >= k .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find parameters for the logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  find   connect
truth:  init   init

test:  skip test if temporary test environment is stub .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for views that abstracts a function with a decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   hook

test:  guess the node for this node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first child of the node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  simple wrapper to set a group or a group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  string   string

test:  add correlation of ma representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   decimal
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  convert raw status based on pipes and %}{% --pretty=online .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  text   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get information about the named media as a json string representation by name or a user id .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   stop
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for serie serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  returns list of empty actions .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the user from the user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  matplotlib way to dump a byte hexadecimal sequence .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  returns the list of all rootdir in the specified rootdir .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals series of a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  measure the inverse cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  measure   class
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a string that may be either an intenum message .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of indices that appear in the original output .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable for code objects .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the isrealobj matrix for a .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  backported   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  default token to prevent libguestfs + default .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  dump   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  value for glob dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  value   split
truth:  split   a

test:  helper to get the ip address of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group name of the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   get

test:  executes command .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  attaches image as an image and discards others .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract and create a files from a list of possible .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extract   method
truth:  ensure   null

test:  minimize a rule .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  list   try
truth:  result   result

test:  initialize init repository .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  init   database
truth:  import   import

test:  send email to view .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  email   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  get all the files in matcher .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to get the divmod of a and y divmod .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  function   method
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the point modules via the minion cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  mount   virtualbox
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  function for sequences of browser .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  return   template
truth:  returns   returns

test:  subtract polynomial // of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  given   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  this page updates the total dashboard out of the given creator model .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  downgrade   model
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   dataframe
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the list of parameters into one parameter parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return normalized polynomials in a rational .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  order   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download data .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  download   wheel
truth:  download   download

test:  returns softmax forward how to softmax forward f and data .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  take   null

test:  converts datetime in time zone aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  given an adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  do a marathon filter for a docstring .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  process   node
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded thebase protocol .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call available memoize method as default arguments .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   app
truth:  is   null

test:  authorized view .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   in
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho rho in x .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   vectors

test:  log suffix .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  using   default
truth:  initializes   null

test:  returns the migration level subproject object .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  returns   intersection
truth:  get   get

test:  general wrapper for logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this is a autofill string .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset a development database connection .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  get the encoding used by the current alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   return

test:  coerce a system range to internal function in time .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  get info about one or more api describe it returns false .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  search a list of dictionaries that are not min by a given dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  search   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper function for trying to check out an inverse operator .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  compute the coefficient of a 1-d array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the standard mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale name to make it possible .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   statement
truth:  use   nd

test:  to get indexing chunks of a list .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on whether mpl is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  assign a metaclass for a metaclass with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate the name of the namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the localconfig to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests whether the two matrices are not the same length .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two critical arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   arguments
truth:  compare   a

test:  turns a simple wrapper to prepare a valid httpresponse of its data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   factory

test:  payload info .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  trace   routine
truth:  get   service

test:  format a datetime object .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   check
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler to set the configuration for a specified resource .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   custom
truth:  remove   a

test:  gets the name of the sequences that will be returned by the mapping .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to get the path for an ssh date: .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a collection of changes to a c{set} arguments .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  null   file
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  a class decorator which is followed by the unix class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised with known ratio ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pass model data in database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  based   case
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run the markdown module from the given markdown .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  configure   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator for the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  validate the user configuration .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  validate   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the repeated mock of a file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  read   read

test:  returns path to new module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a truncate number to the truncate after the w[ manner .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  adds   formats
truth:  truncate   window

test:  do the path of a user .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  do   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the command and composes and composes them on the python program .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the layout for a specified layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of directories with a given file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  build a command line arguments from the flipwritable decorator .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  converts a libvirterror name to its around .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  converts   sample
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a dict for an entire numbering numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet channel return the response .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   a

test:  list all the keys of the specified volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  parse an s3 object to a file-like object .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   query
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the variance of applying the set of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the datastore solution for a single order .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the hardware address on given job using ctypes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  log   information
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - filters - filters - filters - filters - targets - targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  create a astroid document from a node .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a snapshot with the given function and a snapshot of lists of the state that maps to be displayed in the target .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates s3 acl for a bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  fake api that attaches and request field info device as guess .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a askopenfilenames .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key key key name for storage .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   context
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  get a socket .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of standard deviation .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  load the list of plugins for the service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  called   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  reads any ssh ssh bytes from the given delay .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  reads   current
truth:  read   read

test:  a helper to invoke a query to a query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   null

test:  test for {a test .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  test that the tpot cli interfaces integer when n is called .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a *cert* number is valid for a chunk number .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return info about all the ports that is not set by the message .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  return   points
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  execute a resource .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the version of cmd cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  remove   command
truth:  return   version

test:  elementwise spherical stroke .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  draws   null

test:  test helper method that returns a list of calls to reset the domain from the request and reset an api .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all threads and thread objects from the course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  to   wrap
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  returns the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns in a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns boolean network device id plus the linux system suffix of the network device cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   network

test:  inverse of the grid vectors .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   repeats
truth:  create   a

test:  return the breadcrumb of a stream .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a |env| .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  find whether or not the given source file for a source file .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load service instance from one of the service .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests whether a header key is in a given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  checks   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to set ['b' .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  displays templates and portage a string for assist .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  called   try
truth:  return   python

test:  send a message to the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  send   a
truth:  use   use

test:  given an input .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new members policies with the specified instance .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  internal routine .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return indices of features cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  format a list of paths containing millisecond words .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if a point is inside a point in the points in a path .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   equality
truth:  if   null

test:  finds all first task that match the desired task and resolve the list of tuples .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  finds   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a template name .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   suspend
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return dict from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given an entity .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a copy of a and b .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that the configuration are valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  truncate a downloaded handshake to the socket .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  truncate   link
truth:  read   in

test:  test that the logout method is initialized .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return the python code at the given source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   python

test:  return the standard connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  send message to the global stack data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  send   get
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into an dictionaries .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  convert any display size in paths to human readable form .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string to a dict .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete any entities from the given entity in the given entity .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize a console handler for the sentry .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  copy python tokens with ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  copy   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  turn a quoted value into a single string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  text   in
truth:  value   value

test:  helper function to convert the type of x to a collection .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses the namespaces and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  measure measure - x can be used to clone a model info .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  makes   data
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme and delete output .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   runs
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a list of user names for the given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  tests max_revision() with samples mu conditions .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  base   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  skip   sizes
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by role_required and make a status table with role_required autocomplete .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  execute   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut for a specific database hash .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the url without the s3:// part .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  extract   null

test:  gets name and column fields that match the user and returns the current user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  name   point
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convenience wrapper for sequences of sequences of sequences of conjunctions blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  context   copy
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the average variance matches the expected mean .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the script data for utf8 dataset .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to ensure the "n command returns false if f is not none .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert html characters in text into template variables .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  transform   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  simulates the comma separated audit class with the rpm .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  log   null
truth:  get   get

test:  performs a mask to the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  performs   version
truth:  copy   copy

test:  call each line of the document .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  call   a
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the enough backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  determine   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the immediate data from all the true/false or determinant .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test firstserie' with a simple axis .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  show   test
truth:  test   line

test:  push the filesystem to android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  send   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like rms .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a tuple containing only those results .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  gets   things
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary of files and version number for the given addon .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  find   find

test:  get metadata to containers from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple regex that are for regular vagrant regex .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  list stats for the given api .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that all the output files in the given tree or a list of tuples are installed .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  package   list
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns a numbers for a number of validation as a string .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   class
truth:  calculates   null

test:  cast coordinates to theano .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  sum   link
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the generated csv for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  given a list of partitions and state strings .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  create   add
truth:  to   add

test:  totalmigration progress memory dictionary on given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  transfer   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes the given runtime using the name and work out if it is not a clean state by the pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  fixes   file
truth:  to   null

test:  get document of document information .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  document   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load executable from file and return its contents .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  load   return
truth:  if   null

test:  remove the cumulative response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   header
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the patching node for nodes in a ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send build summary of messages .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  build   a
truth:  send   send

test:  estimate the number of prediction prediction in the test .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  give   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for the beacon to become a plain page .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  create a new gentoo of a specific document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  document   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  parses any sending passed messages .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood of x under 1d reduced list .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt message data with public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  escape   image
truth:  text   text

test:  run a dot wsgi application .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  run   start
truth:  test   test

test:  inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  return   view
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if the current user has permission to edit the specified user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the end time is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  if smtp is not available .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  null   api
truth:  if   check

test:  return the flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  scale the thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  using   =
truth:  make   a

test:  make sure that the gpu conversion is accept .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return a datetime object from a float d .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  function   time
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to text .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the dot product between two 1-d vector .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the keywords .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   replacement
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  get all enabled issue info which have been enabled in the user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  context   context

test:  test with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use comment spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   imports
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   command
truth:  require   foo

test:  return status for log *pointset* .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  return   up
truth:  set   set

test:  get a list of result from a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  main root of articles .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   root
truth:  null   page

test:  adds steps to the appropriate size: representation in the ui .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  construct   render
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a test case is run for the provided filename .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a hash of data structure and returns the resulting fingerprint .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  output   keys
truth:  reads   html

test:  if the object is a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  if   return
truth:  function   function

test:  escape a string for use in a single given string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns true if the given graph node is a u'iterables' graph in g .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compound : return_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  ensures that the score score is present in the course .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the single sqlite3 term with given minute .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takewhile higher permutations of a list of lists .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  append   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a base64 encoded certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   certificate
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return a list of locale statistics .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  given   null

test:  returns whether there are an extension or not .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  elementwise   risch
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the appropriate settings .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dummy function for no external pointer .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of questions for the given question in the order of their position in the question position in the question .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   lookup
truth:  to   function

test:  return service_dir+name if possible to work on windows path containing information .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  get   start
truth:  return   return

test:  when catching spaces around an assignment behavior .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  null   type
truth:  avoid   null

test:  hermite vectors .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  float   export
truth:  return   return

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  template   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return amazon endpoint dictionary from path .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as dictionaries and set of relevant objects as dictionaries with labels and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects as dictionaries
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if riak is ignored .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a tuple composed of module and its handlers .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  get an credentials password using a specific password or password api .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   data
truth:  load   load

test:  decodes a sequence of strings .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  upgrade all available package upgrades on this system .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a specified form that isnt retrieved .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  search   null
truth:  read   read

test:  transform a list of [t] .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  transform   instances
truth:  named   add

test:  send an email to stdout .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  send   send
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an iterator containing the elements of iterable iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the version string of a dash image property or a filepath if it is a valid include .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  parameters url : dataframe returns statsmodels .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  null   url
truth:  download   download

test:  does the given node have a comment work around the given node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   return
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique elements from word by the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   line
truth:  get   get

test:  modify flags flags as a update flags .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  flags   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test if a desired string is not the specified pipe .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command and return the output of the command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   export
truth:  command   command

test:  compute newton polynomial of the primitive decomposition of the polynomial expansion .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  adds   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a widget widget to the provided settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   cdata
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between each other in the model .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply all gnuplot encoded ip address and suppressing class .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  evaluate   p
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked column elements in the numpy array with one specified by a column that .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if the object is y .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  generate a sysctl address for the given oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  generate   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  convert logits to 2-d arrays .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   features
truth:  pads   null

test:  print status information about an anonymous source .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  function   print
truth:  write   a

test:  check if an procedure is a gcode procedure .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to wrap a function repeatedly until it is called on the current future state is a concrete future version .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns information about the api response based on user factory .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  use   django
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the temporary file name for a given repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  set   converts
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert rois rois into os array .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a new sleep with a value for that sleep the predicate function call to return the results of steps in a sequence .
truth: like common . 
test:  create   return
truth:  like   like

test:  does a few app .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  compares   permissions
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the launch configuration returns boolean .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function used to create an event loop with its argument list .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  generates   a

test:  group a table that uses both column names .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  test if we can get merging as a unicode string .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all closed closed closed for the current cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  twos handler to handle the referer page .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an email this interface is intended to be a direct replacement for smtplib .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a mock claims for the given firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a form .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string argument to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; raise if not found .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url to a node with the given title .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load like decimal128 from an ordered object .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create or return a tenant instance or filename to the tenant used with the given name or id argument .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch an item by uuid or raise if it exists .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  send a single connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a network machine or partial tile .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a named help into the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  return a resource type for a topic .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  to   query
truth:  get   resource

test:  removes the path to the dir .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  removes   custom
truth:  remove   remove

test:  replace a filename with a given absolute path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get all tests marked as a dict .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a project on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and transfer the last location nearest nearest nearest loop from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  creates frappe and erpnext to bench a bench call .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  wipe   operation
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns true if the system is small .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  compresses   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  delete a request for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the given virtual address is valid .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  access message to the process .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  token   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all paths in the given list of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  return true if and only if the regular distance is intersection .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the most signed tab page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls urls that calls urls with appropriate urls .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a gpg file based on the given filename .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  calculates a provided transform using geometric samples .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get fingerprint for a given stack .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  warnings before displaying the requested user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   request
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get http server with the http server .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  enable internet .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  move   helper
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  unreserve a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces from a string with python interpreter .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test test for gl images .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  create   app

test:  returns a list of activity sequences for a bunch of activity .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return git data from all available vm data .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a test case .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a propositional string value to '[endless]'h .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   integer

test:  return a generator which all the info in the pattern .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a disk to an integer .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir with the given path and all directories in between .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the named middleware to an application .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  set   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the target output by manipulation .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   geometry
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the notifications supported by the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load module modules by string .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to skip the given image and returns a wrapper around it .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of datastores in opennebula .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the default :class:arrowfactory type .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  do any given string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  check for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  check   header
truth:  =   =

test:  compute the authorized volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like :func:operator .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  like   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run a python source process .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   run

test:  execute existing columns of a list of accepted inputs .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  establish   history
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the average average over a and b .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   differences
truth:  get   tris

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  make unique .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete minima in a csr test .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 ways of precision are equivalent .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the time it does not raise *exc* .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  calls   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return 'useos .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return path to images that is in an version .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either element or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  helper to display the data to the desired input string .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  to   function
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a networkx sumaclust with an input .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that python is running .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  check   testing
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update all repo usage values .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  null   position
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  place an instance of every distinct pattern .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  pressing   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces from the table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a new dictionary with all the predicate classes as a list of classes .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a sqlalchemy connection object to use for the current database .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  returns   force
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure that all bears have absent or not exist in the target .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  sorts the nginx nginx setting based on the new service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  posts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep line into .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  default   a
truth:  called   null

test:  returns a path to remote root of paths in database .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  helper function to get the grains from the datastore .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   force
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a specific port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with keys of the provided value being replaced with any example: .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  makes   a

test:  splits path characters into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a direct client from a string .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  always return true if the ternary value is not none .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  retrieve a list of items from the resource key fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  null   kb
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the python offset representing cyg .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  xml   strips
truth:  start   start

test:  return the closest codes to the given *locale buffer .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a random array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  checks the key and prefix for the given server prefix .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  assert   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  setup the aws aws service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a taguri to the end of an comment postfix requirement: * useful it contains only once into a taguri engine followed by a query string .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  add   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  load a config file and return a translation object .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  load   null
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  set up ssl certificate from django certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  queries   start
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that presence from post config files in post config config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   use
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  creates   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cumulative inverse of the current inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the decorrelation decorrelation dot product of the coordinate system .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  extract tuple from a list of arrays .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  tuple   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits emits event usage usage usage usage for a course usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   entity
truth:  emit   events

test:  test __getitem__ between base_text optimizer .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  test   control
truth:  verify   null

test:  list all xonfig style in a list of maps .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  load a file as a l{natmapper} for a given filename .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  load   return
truth:  ask   null

test:  make sure that all modules listed in the test database and if the test case is not changed .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the command line and run something .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module if it has no module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  wrapper around denominator .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator for the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an python code describing a template name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  work   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return whether an expression is a nonnegative distribution + args .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is an email address .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  pass   identification
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string of plural or a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a ftp response .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   data
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parsing parsing template expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the provided objects to a text object .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  generate characters with various unicode character .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generate   quote
truth:  null   null

test:  floor hist hist into a set of threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  allocate   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a temporary file for storing secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns whether set_term_title is access to a list of all buckets .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a single loader .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  get the requests for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  make   null

test:  generates whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a loader api modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  the public key function .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  the highest python3 function for which it will be displayed at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the schema prefix from the beginning of a path with the given prefix .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of all info about lvm cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   inode
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple wrapper for evoked data kind .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  gets   events
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check quota configuration is either none or starting with different configuration .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  ensure that the template link is valid .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  matrix of rewrites a blaze expression .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  named   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this instance tracking :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a role representation representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  kill kill kill
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  build a non-nested operator to create click .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  load the data from a base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  load   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  fixture to fixture providing a temporary analyze and arp temporary file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  fixture   set
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html html if passed in string s .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the date from year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   day

test:  repeat -> iterator get the elements of iterable iterable over all items in iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  repeat   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  discover endpoints for the given response .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  returns   location
truth:  null   null

test:  for example two patterns .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position associated with the media player .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a == b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to copy a module in the specified module .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a sol string and output .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  create anonymous cart or create a new user .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  returns   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get the default id of the current process .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  html-escape and returns it .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   representation

test:  try to convert the given entities to a single string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  releases single release state from db .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the process is system .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  return   appends
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the portion of the given portion using direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  find   handle
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that takes f and returns a symbol in propagated period .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get current state since goodness-of-fit .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the tag that would have .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a http header into http http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a random generated dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a query string and return a comma-separated descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value as a wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses an entry from a key/value dictionary .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  function   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared error loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for points in a tensor .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   request
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a timezone object connected to a feed object .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  constructs   attempts
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  given a list of integer or list of hierarchy of integer stretch .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an externalized type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the underlying writable .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get default price list of selling cart .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  default   sys
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  build a changelog based on a git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  is   a
truth:  write   a

test:  make sure the given html is valid .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  return absolute path for d-bus with invalid extension .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  creates   config
truth:  config   config

test:  find a block device size for a profile volume type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free p in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  null   a

test:  set a string containing a information for a given start .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  string   data
truth:  null   uid

test:  return rect semantics .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  using   return
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit or language-dependent name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   wrapper
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get jobs for job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get information for grubby executable .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check to see if path is found or return a windows if any .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  to   read
truth:  if   checks

test:  list available about the source files in the selected interface .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  list   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts a transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   bound
truth:  puts   null

test:  utility method to write the contents of a path to a resource file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource data .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  run commands and stderr by given help encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  dumps   variation
truth:  command   command

test:  test that when we can convert to a numpy numpy version .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  asserts with stack and immediately when formats a new exception is none .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  pops   usage
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test channel-picking against kit .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  disable standard password .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  used to skip case warns inside a <script> .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  used   count
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single tabular sentence from a single string .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  mark a package on the master .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: humbug publish trend reports with zulip .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   null

test:  tawn logistic model of a function taken from a a1=a2=1 approximation in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   code
truth:  mixed   null

test:  gets the list of tuples in the resource at index .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for api table overlap .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add a user in an email address if profile is created .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a list of configurations from the given filename .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  return   script

test:  try to return the group group cli example: .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string representing the entire time .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the resolved resolved path .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  format string value in the value of a param in a tag .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  helper function to run via csw:record .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get absolute path to json folder .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or even derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   function
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  simple case that makes a help thread .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pyreverse
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change user to new email after new email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  turns   send
truth:  given   a

test:  find a normalized expression with the given start of a set of vector3s .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  null   system
truth:  is   null

test:  build the generator of resource to build a given file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   waits
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to open a file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  endpoint   helper
truth:  write   test

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  asks   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find unread .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove node ami to the current instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  remove   url
truth:  null   nodes

test:  get the unique values for this company .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the arguments is an instance of memcache .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   overrides
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts and start to a vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   start
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the directory that the given path is returned by n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator returns a generator that returns the file is created by a metadata_url .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  iterates   version
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  returns the key whose values is a dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  left   null

test:  open the given file in a temporary filepath .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  source   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print an now-deprecated message based on small line .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to run code in code for the given module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   init
truth:  execute   a

test:  given a cache record .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  given   wrap
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a account already exists based on the user .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call the source and return an iterator over all commands .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  call   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return a systemd file location .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  convert   func
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose an rcode with a gaussian gaussian samples[ .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  array   dataframe
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   lists
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all available images for the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a parameter .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  connect to the list of regions instances from all instance .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  report   report

test:  convert a module-level package in this package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  set   up

test:  return a normalized structure .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   methods
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non error input .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  renders a string of an absolute number of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  recurse through all values in a given value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb server .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd and set the current working directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the logger for use in the datastore .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the torrent tree .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  find   torrent

test:  replace none with a pair .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  set   counts
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file by name .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones[zone zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   everything
truth:  list   everything

test:  display the image in a given box .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function to get grains from the posix device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  finds the function using deploy:appname .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get the datetime .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a filename from a filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  read   a
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   call
truth:  function   function

test:  build new environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  represent a dictionary into a single yaml file .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   ordereddict
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns an array of corpus objects for the wordnet that can be passed to the following attributes: number of wordnet using the wordnet .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return length of lz4 methods .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse a policy configuration file to a policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate that the devices exists and xml device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe plugin handler .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  remove   call
truth:  config   handler

test:  does the connection to generate a boolean and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  does   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  take a list of bits of an object .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to get the specified instance or path to the specified instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the only used if easy is a raw user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if a uri in the given string appears in rfc capa_module: .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  convert   a

test:  function for handling pkcs#1 directives .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  function   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test the table systemd .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  model   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the shape of a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return a widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table products'position and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns the current user object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports for parallel or menu or returns a tuple of .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  imports   build
truth:  error   error

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  return   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have supported outbox .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  formats   count
truth:  null   i

test:  removes oauth keys of a query key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  look   up

test:  delete one or more filesystem and all slicer .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  download   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a string of ascii values from ascii character .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  administrator key/value data and tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  null   up
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get node with information about the node and exist as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load and return a numpy images .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete an existing volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   accept
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the given multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  calculates   testing
truth:  null   calculation

test:  create user profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  create   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  remove   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   python
truth:  registers   register

test:  load django django to load django .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add ran to version .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a process with the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  capture   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return the name of the current thread .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return the rights rights that have been collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find the daily list of commits in the contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  to   students
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : long convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize the value and add type conversions to the correct type .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  attach   converts
truth:  null   parts

test:  if a filename is a lock type of a filename or return filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  open   a

test:  get a path inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall packages using opkg uninstall .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  when a test view uses non build view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  null   null

test:  print a string representation of an cloning message .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   convert
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the data field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a dict of 63 identifiers .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   graph6
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  if its path from file path .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a numpy array with composer [#xe000-#xfffd] .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  order   order

test:  temporarily change the proxy argument to the yield block .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  change   binary
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns an absolute url matching value .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  template   template

test:  remove all http connections from the given list of connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  remove   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the current app matches mne os .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new error handler for the magic interpreter .
truth: log os . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function prototype .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively deserialize dictionary keys that are the dictionary keys from dictionary keys .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  shortcut for a redirected task .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  compute average average for different fields compute array of label is restricted .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip for type of ipv4 packages .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts a time object to an integer number of seconds .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   duration

test:  elemwise{sub} -> x remove scalar .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   null

test:  set the image to the appropriate image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   get
truth:  change   change

test:  default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   a

test:  read the options file into its consistent .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the entry from the specified entry definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  converts a number of bytes in f to long as a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   place
truth:  take   a

test:  open file thru the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  logging   default
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this function takes a string editable editable and returns a int_ .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   v

test:  save displayed pairs for an p*x_i**n or shortened .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  m   config
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests the correct url for a admin user object with the correct language and units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  list   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper for e-mail that checks the draft 404 :return: none .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  using   request
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  print all old queries from the database .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  output   up
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a nested response object from a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a character number to a character .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the salt module identifier .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the vech matrix to installing matrix parameters n : int .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  draw   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that need to be used as a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  tests   up
truth:  build   up

test:  verifies and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  verifies   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the reader to stderr in one .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list/tuple .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  find   a

test:  execute the given path on path .
truth: on windows . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the current tool has a database .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull changes in the specified repo .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  catch   host
truth:  execute   null

test:  run all half the tests to run faster .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   gdb
truth:  run   flake8

test:  exponential moving average .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  moving   exponential
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block device to the server name of the server to attach server_name name of block device to attach a volume to build an s3 server to build a
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  method decorator for secure packets .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  restore a list of fakedrivers .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  restore   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  returns the status of the specific status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the system for the target listed in an targets path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  unconditionally skip test on bad module .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  force options to mock of all the given engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  build   runs
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if arg is an xblock .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  if   format
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a config object .
truth: given a server . 
test:  using   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of potential network interface n - the results .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the attributes of an first .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  uses   position
truth:  test   test

test:  search for json which wraps json status code in json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  search   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location to use .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print output of client interactive higher files .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  print   return
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the contents of the users policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates required by the task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  run the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   remote
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a cohort for the given user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate settings in the health .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes datetime object as json .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a thumbnail and returns the detected server listening has all but the same as the default fileobj .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   comments
truth:  create   a

test:  a function to fetch the condition condition immediately .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  function   func
truth:  ensures   null

test:  initialize the fnclex header in the module .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  initialize   arguments
truth:  compile   a

test:  extract the list of tags that have :class:jinja2 member names and their rects as dictionaries with tags from request names that have their given model .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  extract   servers
truth:  given   a

test:  get the degrees of the current operating system .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a serialization statement representing type and a stream .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a rseed rseed dataset with rseed layers .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the url to use for the given patterns .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of objects by the specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get a value from the requested jobconf .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  config   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a recursive list of paths containing all files stored in a directory tree files stored in a given package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  archive   sources

test:  get color color with given name .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  color   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wraps logging into the stack for the specified stack .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  delete up any database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert unicode or bytes to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if a list of patterns names are actually matches the specified patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  check   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the config file and create an ssl config object .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  override   up
truth:  move   move

test:  reads the renewed config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid history or if the history is loaded .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  if the specified cohort was created as appropriate for the course .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the last iteration of the given time .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  returns   execution
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json object to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  removes http auth response from the given response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  removes   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get metadef tag count or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   count
truth:  count   count

test:  handler function to take and return a flash application .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tokenized aws message as string .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield many celsius files .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  skip a test if a test case if a reversed test case .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  shared   name
truth:  decorated   null

test:  update up epochs on the courses .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  log   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sorts key function .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  displays whether 'date+%z' on or off :return: a string representing the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  modify the node and an html node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  using   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get all room and distance data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add a long to a string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  add   function
truth:  use   use

test:  enable logging .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pilfered   status
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  get datetime object for a separator .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  get   run
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all vms tools that are on the specified vm cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  compares two match strings .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  compares   check
truth:  test   test

test:  least scene exception info from scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all separated lines from the given filename .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  restful crud s3 .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  output   export
truth:  create   create

test:  write the results of sockets with a string to the state of the previous level .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   utility
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the inverse of a complex matrix for an object .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person parsed the servers is active with person is active .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   export
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message helper .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] stack for a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script add or override environment variables to the build as environment variables requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  return review instance of a site .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  a decorator to send the user to the given site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a repository on the tool shed tool shed url .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  look up an iam function in the selected log function .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  look   return
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a generator of lists of the given sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system information for packaging or testenvironment .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   powers
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to change the default groups for the database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a random sleep value .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the urls urls that need to be considered from a url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  a little helper to check if an field is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  builds the config spec for the deletion specified virtual virtual disk disk to be attached .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  compute the second feature to the expression .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the square matrix as a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all commands on parallel nodes .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  remove app from sites installed-apps list .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the coefficient of a sample array to basic values in the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a language path from a given slashes to be found .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serializes function to pickle the data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  function   product
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper around small' based on images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of positive positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  warnings   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create the root rows for ids in the resource .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return the persistent job id .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   params
truth:  return   return

test:  make an error to a assigned text file .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  performs   handle
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieves the csp headers .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  retrieves   method
truth:  to   method

test:  factory for for_range_slice() as an instance of u6s namespace .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  guess any .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  to   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade a system of all available package upgrade or partial format .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  list   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  for a given category name .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily change the silvercity of the given context .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helper for checking if the first difference of an element is a different object .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  test   path
truth:  if   check

test:  find -> str resolve string in the line .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns all cgsnapshots that match packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a fake api request based on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  helper method to get config file and return a cache object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  define define a weakness with subclass methods .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  define   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function to mock tab attributes from a standard python dictionary .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  function   python
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html with the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the pack storage name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a init state .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a temporary file name .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  like   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into sparse into none .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  return a list of all registered app sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  func calls func with specified arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   method
truth:  null   null

test:  make a fake output from mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  apply   statistics
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns height height of parent that will be used to height and height .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build a pants tree to a pants .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  build   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  adds some config to the mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  install   install

test:  returns a new soap call representing soap .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format an object into a complete list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return true if the given state has been resolved as though .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  return   mark
truth:  guess   player

test:  ensures that distance between coordinate icrs<->gcrs the same results as the vo .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  check   check

test:  process a list of data searched in the api .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  process   null
truth:  if   a

test:  gets the value as json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  to   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  manage the last packages using the public execution module .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  manage   remove
truth:  publish   commands

test:  construct a datastore class and return a dictionary of model instances .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  setup a default setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  given a triplets of config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  given   limit
truth:  remove   a

test:  test that no bugs need to be able to raise an exception that dont work .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a byte string to utf-8 iterator .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  convert   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  mount paths to device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   part
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function that preserves existing text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  create a quick method that .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  to   method

test:  utility for removing tool .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  release   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that locks calls another method to raise a specific type .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a private key containing pem keys .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  host   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a valid linkage array with the maximum column .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  list user accounts cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  list   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the requested hosts for a host in dhcp-opts database .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  compute the values of the given block bound to extended times .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calls the method on an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  check the directional of a log likelihood l .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup cleanup finalize rules on a /usr/bin/service .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   wrap
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if my is in lockf .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  used by the sentence-like field names from selected weighted .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  used   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  generate the ellipse norm for a matlab portion of the given coordinates .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and return the data as pillar data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  for sorting .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  cross   entry
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a paragraph representation of a given array of integers .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   bind
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  replace installable next version of obj using dict and return it as a list of paths .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  checks if the current runtime should be targeted for the server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  flag   custom
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  simple batch version of the most desired list containing duplicates .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  yield   batches

test:  compute tax amount of money from an money amount of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  compute   sums
truth:  added   stack

test:  given a string of objects .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  null   update
truth:  walk   null

test:  to compile code with kwonlyarg .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the initial crows function .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates triggered .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  change   null
truth:  updates   course

test:  is a function for m2 a sequence of polynomials .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  code   solution
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the ruby module cix element tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  return task state of task state listed in a background task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error with given name .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   solve
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill the plane .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  basic evaluation .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a user object from database .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   a

test:  try to convert value to int .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  to   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a two-coloring of nodes in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator of the factorpows of the given number of courses .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns random string or random chars of an array .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  flip   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   test

test:  this convert to unique types .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates gravestone and creates btmp .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   scale
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility to get node from node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic configuration to fix the opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  for the raw metric .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  samples   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for the linode server .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere of model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  making   test

test:  synchronous sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return total active extended surface extended surface .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  sync   return
truth:  list   list

test:  normalize indexing with the arguments .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  normalize   intersection
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset templates from the current user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clears   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  validate and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  train instances for a list of instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  train   a
truth:  split   split

test:  tests that you can add a duplicate file with a store_fs .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the list of api api service .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  list   list

test:  copy file from a list of scipy .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a unique figures from a string as a list of records .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin allows you to define a game project .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an endpoint from the {msg}' snapshot .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a pure frequency to the ndarrays? of v .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function checks to see if the current environment variables are valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  if   cache
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test our make_boolean(-) of no input .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all uninstalling associated with the quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the estimated value .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  squares   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add the xml element to a point list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generates random data for binary classification immediately .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  size= associated with the specified kind and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  just login form .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  form   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  given a background background array of polynomials represented by the given rgb array .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  given   indices
truth:  to   rgba

test:  get the default interface class for use of ellipses .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   python

test:  create a dataset in one dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this method will get gateway and their commands .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   a
truth:  inplace   row

test:  verify the specified database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return inverse of array x .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  tuple   activation
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  custom view that custom greeting page .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  view   a
truth:  picks   picks

test:  yield successive n-sized matches one .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  make a python string to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the randomsymbols probability space representing a random expression parameters expr : expr a random expression of the symbol symbol where the expression is the symbol is randomsymbols than the
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  request handlers copying list of eventrenderers objects .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  request   index
truth:  return   a

test:  create a remote and wait for a node .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  checks the partition that was installed on partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  teardown   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the specified log moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  decorrelation fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   fastica

test:  search a list of module matches any ssh .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  try   try

test:  convert the average needs to the new activate distribution .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   declarator
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline from the given key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add model objects in '/completed data .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  take a list of games and return either a single string or a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  take   implementation
truth:  combines   a

test:  list the installed sensor matching the installed virtual directory cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  returns   cell
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an hdfs url based on hdfs .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query the projects that we created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   list
truth:  to   query

test:  returns the over the obey app .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert columns to a specified table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  replace the given connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test hosts and its patch_file .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of es tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add color of output .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  color   warning
truth:  prints   a

test:  we would change to the directory of the directory for managed directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  build a service to parse one resource .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   display

test:  get absolute path for the current image .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the provided value is a string .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  name of python boxes .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  name   a
truth:  return   python

test:  gets all targets in the specified targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   a

test:  transform dates to persist state .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  transform   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns file based on given image name .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  select   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve a enrollment enrollment list from the course attributes .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  gets   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test volume label label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  construct   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  helper function to generate statement arguments .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  normalize   extension
truth:  like   like

test:  support function to support old devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  inverts   map
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrapper around error body and validates json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  error   python
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the most appropriate rotation angle from a rotation .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a unicode string representation of cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  split any __all__ __all__ in an object .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the obj is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element in a list with the specified name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  look   sys
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an typingctx .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  get the hook hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find a cleanups: .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   fasta
truth:  null   null

test:  save the rss to a list .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  this is a wrapper around os .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for limited notifications initialize signal and stores in .
truth: update request . 
test:  handles   signal
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the runtime-editable option option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy minion map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to enforce methods to execution and retry methods with an action error handling handling if there are not false .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   policy

test:  helper function to send the post request and acts as a generic formatter .
truth: do the post . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure that the wire argument can be invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  returning   index
truth:  checks   checks

test:  constructs and executes a consumer object .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string made random tuples .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  produces   a

test:  visit the url of the current scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  url   api
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  set hosts version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  set   a
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  generate mechanizm for it .
truth: returns np . 
test:  model   test
truth:  returns   np

test:  as string .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove what system reload if *name* is installed .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  remove   translation
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the available batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prepare chan estimator .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  estimate   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  build a new bulk object from the dummy add-on .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  match all variables into condition and hdu .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  match   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  ensure a file is in use and should be used .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates the schema checks for the given host and has been imported .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  validates   set
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the status of nonelog .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  verify   network
truth:  locate   null

test:  like iter_fiels .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  like   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience function to retry for open storage .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  if   read
truth:  opens   a

test:  determine and prompt for printing to movie .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  setup   running
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get joined mesh from a carve mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   edge
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a windows version of pyenv rehash .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  like   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  displays the highest bit of the mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   product
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more iterables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   get
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the 304 of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates over a file as a generator .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  iterates   format
truth:  parse   data

test:  test that new event with observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run minimize data to post a post .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a command and return the resulting task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  build   decorator
truth:  errors   errors

test:  take style dictionary containing static files and cache using the beets cache .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize the python function calls lists in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  performs positions and returns method on windows .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  set   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the default path as a temporary file .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  return   null
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the best or overrides the resolver .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the microseconds integer .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   get
truth:  format   format

test:  create a fanout .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  import the specified migration from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   translate
truth:  import   a

test:  returns the zerovects vector representing the system vectors x .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the user signing in which the scope of the scope is not in the request .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns rules with constant filenames .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  rules   get
truth:  find   find

test:  format a list of all permissions for a given set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device associated with the current app .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given an fragment remove a url remove the fragment and query part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 2-d array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test if unit is capacity to be able to a long .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the given message was logged via the webserver .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  add the current application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  null   one

test:  log a new login with user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of bessel function h1v(z) with respect to z .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  convert a k['coeff to a k['coeff segmentation .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  convert   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  return accumulator html .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get a list of trie objects for the given trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   branch
truth:  get   branch

test:  helper function to get id from filenames .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  chooses   null

test:  returns a relative path with a path specified .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  extract the search warning for the given file .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look up a libvirtconfigguestinterface in mac address for a given vif model and set it if include_date exists .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  place   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a list of ports representing the current request .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  return   state
truth:  function   function

test:  return the exception of the given process .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  ajax search search for zen images .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  null   try
truth:  loads   unit

test:  initialize xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  default   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the det(m) version of the :func:processor version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects with config['match']['medium data structure .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  set   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove duplicate pdb components and set based on the given pdb .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  align   expressions
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram rectpolygon compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test should not change no errors in no errors .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  create   custom
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the storage policy required for the domain .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  displays an alert if the user has any active certificates .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  changes   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a str literal as invalid shared variable used on a list of invalid values used to mean exactly 1 .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context parameters factory : control service object whose context is valid .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the path to the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  this is a wrapper around the data .
truth: force exit . 
test:  encode   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the site plugins .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   set
truth:  install   a

test:  process the process with a given location .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  process   a
truth:  use   use

test:  utility function to create the name of the specified filename .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get all the loops in a given loop .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  fetches the output of the hg revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  output   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  null   application

test:  validate a single actions .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  validate   limit
truth:  perform   null

test:  filtering/annotating string month of characters .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the character and word after the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the user has routes .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  open   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get time datetime .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  get   datetime
truth:  reports   reports

test:  helper function to replace backslash and logging .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   logging
truth:  hook   hook

test:  determines which the component is in the given problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  determines   world
truth:  edits   null

test:  checks if the registry or 0 is valid .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all python metadata for the given path .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  get   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  show the database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  skip   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  retrieve the color data from the timezone .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns information on a container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the correct include handler from this include .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of urls that are opening/closing by the file .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse simple task with only one task codes .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  parse   compile
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  calculate and return array of items in each image .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  log   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  build a test html file with the bokeh html directory .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  get   use
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of inputs from a backend this creates a dynamic index given as a dynamic instance .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule the schedule url for the given week .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  calculates   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a stream of arguments .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  override a list of stagename from the stack .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  deserialize   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create or add the given index using the given target .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   set
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if we can skip test if to run a test .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  set the old api object and return a tuple of raw objects .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  set   compute
truth:  configure   configure

test:  thread thread with efficient efficient blocks .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   workflow

test:  assert that user can decorate the correct name .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  assert   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  look up the metadata module by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  look   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  splits text into a string with it and the comment elementtree .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  text   string
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the debug class .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  log a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  post   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set handling pointer of a specific captured .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  if   check

test:  return an upload string containing public and __init__ .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove any basket tree structures .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return test data from test patching this is a proxy for generic invoke of regular .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  build   message
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short code is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a path to the __init__ test server .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make prioritized use prioritized .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the image exists in an image is invalid .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  if   a

test:  emulate string to make up special characters .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a http log file using the filename'] log and output .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  reads   configure
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the first node of a node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  basic generally .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add pmf to rule .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert key into a list of key .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  insert   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  verify whether a users profile is valid .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a dataframe based on ]idx .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   index
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the value of a requests based on the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of fields for a list of fields .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   limit
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a list unique by inserting them into a list unique elements of a list unique by inserting them in
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  replace string by a boolean to be true .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  finds all of the node with node directories .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  to   merge
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  returns active data from votable votable table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the image of the image with the specified data .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return a list of the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   record
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace users with a user .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of contents of the given iterable .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  list   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  remove a clean group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   members

test:  given a vector of truth with derivative derivative .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  order   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  replace all blocks to a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert unicode to unicode or unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a list of version objects describing the given list of available layout .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an instance of issubclass that are used to basic f(x) in args .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  turn a list of instances into a list of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document in es .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is to create a class .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the number of config during this module .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  format a human readable unit of the given unit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only work when bower is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  work   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install dependencies related to salt-ssh .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate under path for a specified file .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  removes protocol and repeat querystring from tool tool_shed_url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string to a string .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   python
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  null   base
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  checks whether one or more alarm is one .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  checks   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a url into a datastore url .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  split   split

test:  x predictor matrix for bivariate equations .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  get the 'sdb and project .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  get the blobs of the document and response values with a single libcloud .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  similar to use .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  trims   changes
truth:  using   null

test:  we want none from k .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date value from the config .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize url generator for a string .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  url   null
truth:  url   url

test:  imports and returns a django project name .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  new selinux generator .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  trigger a [cart stim port .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   need
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the entire phrase containing the entire phrase and end .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return coefficient in a and 1 .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  basic online variable .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the offset in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time string .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   unix

test:  add_redaction_filter injects the logger into the current engine .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller - needed for community answers .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   query
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a resource by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  add   null
truth:  get   a

test:  dummy function to dummy to func .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  xml   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove the haproxyctl from the local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  get   get

test:  try to find an filnames binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for a periodic .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   location
truth:  finds   null

test:  temporarily change the alarm } .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  signals   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   columns
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a single file of a list of paths .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a python datetime object .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the short type evaluated in the db .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  creates a nginx plugin to get a what plugin .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns the path to the current default exe' environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get mangling to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to get rid of proxy info from the database .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate a number of bytes from a tweet .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with an fishers .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a tuple of snapshots for the snapshot header values .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   softmax
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that new workflow doesnt exist .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  call this function returns a sample size for a given sample .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  call   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the login stats .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  validate   password
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the volume cut in conductance .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode the base64 encoded chunks of a fancy base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  uses auxiliary to find the correlation matrix parameters factors : array_like .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  uses   loop
truth:  project   a

test:  keywords all tables that the given table .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get a list of all servers that represent the caller .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  logging   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster to a dict() array .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  flatten   correct
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns a default weight for weights or bias of a initializer module .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get row which are in a aws row .
truth: given an index . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial the parameters of a and b : int the number of two expressions together which are in the backpropagation .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  null   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified gemset is not installed .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get one resource provider provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a product version of two contributors .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  return   return

test:  define track class corresponding to the class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  define   return
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all int64index methods under the specified option .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purge   parse
truth:  clear   null

test:  raise upgraded with in-memory log record .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  normalizes a 1d array from max_colors .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the rows of x and y y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   obj
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a string as a number formatted in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  this view is for test cases from response .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  check if file has an instance of the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  if   name
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets inspectcf ids defined by the connection .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a path relative to the current root .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a list of the expression for each expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  build arguments for all of the scripts script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize a python module .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns text of the csrf headers for the request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  text   get
truth:  context   processor

test:  run the startupinfo command of a specified python module .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  call   call

test:  get a model model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a dict of reserved for a list of reserved reserved .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  function   up
truth:  to   try

test:  wrapper to make printing to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  detect if the given node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that an arbitrary source file has a valid source .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  name   null
truth:  default   default

test:  adds a loss entropy to each model entropy .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log http event page to a user .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  send   log
truth:  log   events

test:  open a file describing raw logs or directories .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   copy
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of new-style class instances defined in markdown .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group -> group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   elements

test:  attempts to parse template_string into nodelist .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get input input variable .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   iterator
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  read a channel of the given image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals group of the selected uniform group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  some api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for a process to be loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used to represent the feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load the module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   null
truth:  requires   requires

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror on an label graph .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  return the network device major .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  extract results from continueresults and create a flat configuration dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   example

test:  normalizes a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  perform   converts
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the clip path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a policy string referring to an absolute filename .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read a python table file out of a python unit table .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make a random qubit circuit bit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a dataset in a given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  craetes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a valid sudo template with the passed template path .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a pack data file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return the version string to use for remote .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   tshark

test:  check that the common installed packages are present .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  block   read
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the snapshot for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the filesystem directory .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  generate a filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  takes   elements

test:  list all files under root file .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  markup through all inventory class to set the current provider class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  use   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of roles for a group from a group or domain name .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract certificate from review response .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  extract   line
truth:  build   up

test:  return image verbose on the system uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the cached localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  verify if the variable variables variables variables are only composed of the state .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  sends an event object to the given help about calculations .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  sends   helper
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect collect b with a power .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   create
truth:  collect   null

test:  lists all the options present in the given options .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  scheduled   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate session api call .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generate   unix
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not installed .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   failure

test:  [[np images with new images .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   shift
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirect to the user .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily check that acquires a color by importing .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  replace   manager
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generate pseudorandom digest .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode value to mode or unpacks character .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sorts a list of dictionaries .
truth: like repr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find key based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   channel

test:  transform a key to an event dict .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  gets the deny messages required by the domain .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  gets   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all nodes in the traffic .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parses a raw options generated by the command line and returns a buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   matching
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the code of an semi .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  export to the svn executable and columns .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a member page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  return the options for a vm vm : string vm to be targeted options to be targeted options : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch the raw images for a specific target .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  generic document values that are followed by multiple values .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert function to polygon .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  get information about available vm info .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  vms   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  set a new public name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   a

test:  copy real matrix based on tp .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  find   find

test:  takes a header and returns the headers as a user .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify an handlers returned by replacing all the given view to a given method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns embedded string value .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  return a ancestor ancestor image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters in a string .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   runner

test:  a view providing the results .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  null   view
truth:  to   checks

test:  print the data type .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object from the values dictionary .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user subject subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates an operation to be read and then description an operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in volume cut .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that value is valid .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  check   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a dictionary of lun lun field name .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  given   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  receive for gpu_dt in xml found contains a .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  is   null

test:  return a file increasing increasing of the serial increasing basis .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return initial data_files encoded integer .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  i receive error message probabilty from the jsonc config .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extract the indicated callable string and merge it the output file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns the downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check to see if a line is sympy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generates the gaussian group of image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  generates   images
truth:  yield   images

test:  creates a string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  this function gets the rich key fsm with the constructor fsm to be created .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  select a service by node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  select   os
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the occurances of a pair .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns the url to a new asset in the course using the default asset image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  a view to validation errors .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  returns upgrade upgrade or global email address .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a data-structure class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check user from temporary directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  warning   a
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a named vm from the container name the container to remove all installed port .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cfp this plugin allows you to define a cfp project .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  return the format date based on a date .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  format   date
truth:  null   helper

test:  dump a single tickets ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert dict to storage parameters .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  process   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  in a file as a real real path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  clears all jobs .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clears   changes
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the path to the programs .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge multiple dictionaries with ['model'] .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  load the module images from iterable .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a bunch of 2d data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that passing 3920 does this good loc testing or score is specified .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   pylint
truth:  url   url

test:  format an xml tag or a namespace and determine existing tag or none .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   wrapper
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a set of parameter that returns a monotonically string .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   read
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  given a dict of metadata files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the path to the file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  get   variables
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a operations for the specified adgroup .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   prints
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  simple case of uploading one .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  sets   create
truth:  create   a

test:  plot a plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  plot   show
truth:  function   function

test:  test that .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   label
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate directory .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   directories
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback for change in fraction .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   change
truth:  function   function

test:  read a yaml template file using yaml .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a value to a config file .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that events of events is equal to an reduced mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  ensure   mask
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @hosts @hosts @hosts @hosts @hosts @hosts .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  turning   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute the maximum index of a data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   a

test:  return current newline string .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  list   try
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is true or false .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  adds a list with user == clients .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information from znc cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  returns   git
truth:  return   a

test:  test that duplicate column names can be removed by one or another table with mixin .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   test
truth:  header   header

test:  perform a string or encodes the given xml key .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  test   check
truth:  files   files

test:  this is a pyramid request policies only from the kinto .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  is   setting
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random integer .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the rational expansion of a sympy expression parameters expr : a function to simplify returns: y: true if expr is not a sample is not a fixed expression or
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  check   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  this is a helper function to set relevant values for all relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  skirt a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   task
truth:  given   task

test:  parses a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to change the celery logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs the server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  runs   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  check a file exists .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  get a named sources and place them into the master .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a decorator for registering .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the path of a file .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  canonicalize   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of server names from the given path environment to all the pattern .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a formatted data structure .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this will fetch the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the tagged data into two list of types this assumes that if tagged is a list of types with tagged objects .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  plots an axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  make   search
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a destination .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   function
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  this method returns the error message that uses the hypervisor .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   in

test:  fs_vfstype to the user .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  to   default
truth:  password   password

test:  a helper function to tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  create a list of test tests from a given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable objects of all enabled objects into one call .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  depth -> list of 0saved .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert user output to an ascii string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  print   print

test:  register a custom mapping file into the current thread .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   try
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that the absolute path is a file descriptors are only a file descriptors out being used when importing the file doesnt consider .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of timesince date as a datetime object .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  call   call

test:  return the storage for this demo .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  helper function to get a list of all the users language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  function   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network records for a network .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can check translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test score for numbers of a score or all of the score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return worker(s) .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset prompt .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding name for the given encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  return   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  divide -> spaced .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the enabled theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator to temporarily override a test .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  statsd   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : definition .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   definition

test:  output output from db output file to a dict .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   like
truth:  output   parameter

test:  test that "clock" returns true .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test if lsm .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook as an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert network performance data to an ps/tex account .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  search all the bytes that have been set to a given target .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  remove invalid values from a given section .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a collection summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified order rather than the most common prefix .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  v_1 slicing: .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  throw   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   action
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  get the model class .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  model   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tagged matrix representing the nodes in a square instance .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  return   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database name of the user to connect as password the password of the user host the port to connect to connect as password the port the port to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this function is called every request found for the specified header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  adds a summary comparable with the provided tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  name of all processes in bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  =   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  returns notification codes of system timezones codes limit on report}' .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  source   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  center   center

test:  compute degreereturn kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix testcase .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  clean up the temporary module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns it .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   custom
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an uninitialized gpu cuda implementation available .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a previously executed link from the text .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  seconds   migrate
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and dev_port authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all the values in the host .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   redis
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of active if a vm is currently being identity .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test generator on bad results of struct .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create an iterable of pairs for one fastq lazily .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed big .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the url as username .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  put desired inverse of barcodes .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the scheduler page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the data and undefined it .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a sql code to create the database .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  has   django

test:  the clip of a clip .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   range

test:  check if the file size is a bug in the given filename or equal to read filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  process   a
truth:  read   read

test:  load and return a radsec table from the b-values table .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  load   a
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the coefficient of the mean along given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the meta_resource_type is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a 2d matrix of values in the input .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a common towards of the supplied [ind] values .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  returns   routine
truth:  split   a

test:  fit all the data in the keywords .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack an element to a list of dictionaries .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  unpack   stack
truth:  pack   variables

test:  scenario are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  count   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  build standard doctypes for config .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   a
truth:  module   module

test:  compute local network connectivity for nodes of nodes in a graph g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape a string to use in javascript .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   run
truth:  load   load

test:  custom module homepage .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  null   show
truth:  view   view

test:  looks through the dependencies of a css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  null   return
truth:  list   list

test:  makes an iterator by running the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  running   running
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if output has any output files .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an option with a logical error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   build
truth:  log   log

test:  check if saferepr is equal to the bad path .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights with the given collection_id or last documents .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  convert a row to a single row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently read from the file .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  creates a tile row in a tile config file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the given tag representing the tag marked as a string .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a single path on a specified .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  to   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should raise an exception if invalid .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  create   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  reverse a sequence of variables from a threshold sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  reverse   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item | enum_item | enum_item | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the value of y plots .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  open file with implementations .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  like   a
truth:  write   a

test:  add a collection of hosts and save them to a collection of time .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  add   null
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  a file using the bokehjs module .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  look   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the tornado http client to perform http response .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  type delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  translate a list of position in sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters to store in a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if the specific file exists .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort parameters for existing default keys .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  like:: -> a float .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  return all running profile cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove domain under option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  remove   auto
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge tasks .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get the number of module return the minion or none if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  get   module
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the mean of any mean .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the effects of nameserver .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  undo   get
truth:  override   override

test:  return the received configuration object from config .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run a shell on the given node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  run   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  looks to see if salt is installed .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return n bytes needed to get the device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the desired class .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the rabbitmq test suite .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   wrap
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a test run for testing size .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clean up the temporary directory and thin window .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  clean   configure
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return parent as an json-compatible .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  =   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  list the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that an certificate is valid and has the certificate after the certificate is not valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  writes files to generate paths .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  files   files

test:  add entity keys to a query .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  url-safe : random permutation of strong .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  write the string for the specified logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  access   implementation
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of reachable s to every other value .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  do a flag .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  do   test
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get the locale order on cache .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  parse   connection
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the network and send it .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file as a python version .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   json

test:  ensure that its possible to route test with data}assert .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  create a volume list for the given volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  create   query
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return site record in look-up .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   site
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  given a parser .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   a

test:  set the meg mri for the examples: .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  set   a
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an item from a list of fragments .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe gdp : gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the base directory path for the project or none if user has the branch is installed .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  verify that the file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  all elements of a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  helper to retrieve a users profile based on its profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects token by start the user .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default value .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the streams used to encode a stream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  read the channel positions by all unnecessary positions .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  to   script
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the individual function to be used with scenario and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all empty twitter messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  delete thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all empty intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stop objective objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration behind comprehensive theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  is   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  given a list of dataverse that could be a single rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   strategy

test:  switch to display tab like completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   move
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a admin privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   privileges
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form form form view and version form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   version
truth:  project   version

test:  generate fields for a model instance with the protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  calculates   converts
truth:  make   a

test:  this function prints a db instance with rendering or their database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  return a random usagekey .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a function or a sequence of sequence sequence .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the constant of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  start development version of the application .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  short line candle .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  short   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  creates a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  make a method that resets the values in a method .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a directory .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  given   use
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string with a python string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  generates   division
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs uuid function works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the current user is currently set .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the local tool shed panel from a script .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform resource uri to a uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set a list of arrays to case .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert with regularization covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   part
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the given url cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   display
truth:  to   null

test:  build a temporary app .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  generate filename for translation .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans up any callable for managing .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  to   job

test:  handles the spam form for an object .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate coordinates for a 2d node matrix .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  see   a
truth:  null   places

test:  generate key file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for pooled .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns only the first item in the filter .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  return   user
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks whether two urls are port[p .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log of a test function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  log   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topics as a list of topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to set a callback so that it is called on windows .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  resolve a string or returns none or false .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  return   a

test:  extract all tags from a list of tags .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  replace all spaces with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request reset of students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   request
truth:  to   request

test:  casts a blaze expression into a expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  extract the cache credentials from an ec2 flow .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a relative path to a community .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compares the most natively version >= versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compares   return
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with dataset .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  given   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates that the given password matches the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find sls in sls by sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the global country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that task has no task output .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  testing   scenario
truth:  null   classes

test:  read a log file and return a list of rows .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return the path to the specified url of a given url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  returns   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload an http key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random colors in the order model .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a factory function that produces the average of the prime .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   uuid
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test options support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   dicts
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  determine if a process is enabled or not .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the specified traceback .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a list of all python files found in ipythons .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  get a list of the vpc connection ids .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts the file at name into a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  write a file as options .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert a unicode string to text .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return a table with the information for a table .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return gradient of a gradient .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper to return data from the seq .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  to   data
truth:  get   data

test:  find all files in bucket metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  julian -> int hex-encodes a number of vertices to n .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  remove   merge
truth:  null   bag

test:  converts a datetime to the tag .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data that was never activated data .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  query   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a list of all the applications which match the given deployment in a bipartite .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  vreturn ratio by the byte matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  rank   return
truth:  gives   null

test:  a test folders with latin-1 .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  float   null
truth:  need   need

test:  verifying all files for the specified file s .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of themes names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unpack a free socket as a dict of data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  unpack   returns
truth:  receive   a

test:  this is taken from a datastore .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to return an environment variable .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  takes a task and overwrites it to a task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  clone   a

test:  read the svn files from path .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  get   a
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting raise a testtools raise permissiondenied raise permissiondenied if not true .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build any platform information for the deserializes and their flags: module .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an absolute url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the value of the entropy name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a iso 8601 time string to integer .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move an array to the new shape .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  move   polynomials
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that places load on the cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the operation value .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  resample   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the modules with the given paths .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate all guid data for the given model .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  check   guid

test:  ensure that an empty request require a valid integer or lxml .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the url and component params to use in file:// .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  get   url
truth:  null   version

test:  is absolute .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  is   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the post method to see if a topic has been marked as delete the post report should be deleted .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  given   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  start interface with interfaces cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  start   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the metadata for a repository on the galaxy .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed sendredo .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  get serial data for github serial code .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   split

test:  check if python python python python is installed .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  package   package

test:  register a compiler to be displayed when the image is to add a custom compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  register   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   example
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit a name to the queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   calls
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps are them as them .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the eigenvector of the first shanks in x .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade site c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parse   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel status section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a reduction object .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http root key .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  get   upload
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" name .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert the latest node to a tarball or string .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a matrix that converts the clusters variable tree to a specified matrix .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return a summary of the rules for an object that can be used to interact .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip the options from the legacy version .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  instruct a number of seconds since blocking .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns lists of iterator returning all iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  given   set
truth:  yield   null

test:  fetches a particular path from the pool .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  select the sphere with the specified shape .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  select   part
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the repr() rendering of the argument passed in .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path can be a string .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to return f as an event factors .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set the desktop activation function for a given user .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  replace the sequence of s .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  counts   returns
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  convert a long string months to a procedure layer name .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  convert   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  composite two spaces by b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  stream   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  return relative info for a config file .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   a
truth:  build   docs

test:  report the user .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  point   command
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value from a specified path .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   boolean
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns entity entity entity entity keys as a dictionary .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load fixture data fixtures: .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  fill out auto var(p) process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   slices
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  determine which repository should be called to initialize a repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  log   no
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a database exists in the postgres server .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  to   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  show a form for a given form object .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  shortcut   default
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine on opennebula .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  call the command and return its output .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  call   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  get a web server prompt for params .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  get   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  a name" and returns the current datetime object with a record .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  records   records

test:  run the pattern from comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  run   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sparse kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the type name for a function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach -> dict of process with the given pid .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a wheel with pip wheel .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of a feed distribution .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load the assets .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  using   runs
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to work on the object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  to   app
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  dump   logging
truth:  check   check

test:  appropriately x .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  return the disk logs of an output space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  read a tag .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  use shared sizes to find the values of the given ctypes .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  return   upgrades
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  get the error message for the specified computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a zero array into a 2d array .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  singular   hook
truth:  convert   convert

test:  take a list of tuples .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  take   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  connect list of fields to multipart central fields .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  compressed   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was uniquifier using a timestamp part .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available weather sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  attempt to parse a list of upageviews promotion data .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the system module if the kernel is windows .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version ports with version header to represent .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   try
truth:  save   history

test:  returns current request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  print the list of the http requests network_fn to the given request .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  project   set
truth:  change   change

test:  calls s6 .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the arg .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait until it is valid .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  restores warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  restores   warnings
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   edge
truth:  register   a

test:  return a list of command-line domains from the given domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   split
truth:  registers   new

test:  if the given value is suitable for a setting setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract regular step steps from an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add version of :class: .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  compute the fixed ori ori for the current match .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  compute   method
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   features
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return the authentication url for the current request .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read the data from a file-like object and return a file-like object .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  checks if this arg is outside the numpy library .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   categorical

test:  read and return the persistent session session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 or unicode value from utf-8 utf-8 x .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  visualise vispy .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the current line corresponding to the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new new username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test to make sure all values are correctly .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the function f with the original rational .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  returns   rest
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can be used in matlab .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a standard untracked pattern .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   git
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  response response for pairwise_kernels response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  wrap   response

test:  check if course is valid for the given user .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  if   sort
truth:  null   a

test:  for the z3 test runner .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  are we being a string as a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a list of responses .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from comment to hemisphere .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set containing all words found in w .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zip file and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  logs all orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  output   compute
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick the default stim types .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  include   custom
truth:  default   stim

test:  clears the function call to generate a cached mine .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this is a embbeded encoded ipv6 address to three browser browser into c{"log_flattened"} .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  a shuffler list of dates .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  decorating   compile
truth:  compile   ast

test:  cleanup the mac address .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sent   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  helper function to return a sorted list of collection objects .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  writes a sequential transformation given values .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  return   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the secure related password using pypi .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  used   custom
truth:  update   update

test:  inspects the connection with .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  clusters   a
truth:  if   test

test:  reads all line from byte .
truth: from url . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes all ids to a user who have subscribed to .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  store   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  returns true if a and 1 are equal .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a dataframe and returns the pattern of the given service name .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the largest largest centrality for g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  to   click
truth:  time   time

test:  start and outputs multiple targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  scan   up
truth:  -   -

test:  remove the pack keys from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an kwargs['keyname'] call .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package if such a package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether a string has a host .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test matching user using member .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  updating   merging
truth:  default   default

test:  find the group and group id of a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  uninstalls   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  turns an event into a llvm backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry gets tokenized correctly .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that the multipart header works as provided .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create a tensorflow policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a user has download access for user .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   handle
truth:  if   tests

test:  this optimization should raise -> gpu respect to gpu .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to convert to string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  to   a
truth:  process   a

test:  getitem data: attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear all nested lists in value .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle search output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all privs' details cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get a maximum with each component the first component the respective components of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create and run statistics using mininet()/topo() test results .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   pings
truth:  control   control

test:  a function to check the screen and "raw" to make it easier to repo_info_tuple .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  calculate the linkage matrix for each formulas matrix .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a string containing the norm_brightness_error settings .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   image
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to get a docker client .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get a node with the label of a node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  check   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compares two sequences: value .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  compares   numpys
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether a user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the current user can be attached .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the http packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  null   session
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add access to group type for given project type .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  given   group
truth:  access   access

test:  get path to directory data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a url will be used by the given url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a node directive or string from a node .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  uses the given list of even on the given activation .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the db argument to look up an object in a given name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove backslashes from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit edit field on user identified by permission .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  name and return the true}if on the given environment name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  name   event
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  extract the component data from close .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  project   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a {'pool' for a specified pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this function takes a vector of the points in the model .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  create a complete cluster instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the probe of an instance and stores our instance object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a fixed-width transform to an json-compatible surface .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  keyword argument to cause a string to translate the output in each tag .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  casts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns default notifications for user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  null   notifications

test:  test we can print to a bug on numerical .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  tests   arguments
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the public interface to the exempt@use of this is called by the user .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a dictionary of bytes from a dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  used   null

test:  like staticfiles .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  salts   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute place of nan into a filters .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of an object .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  read mm_stamp data from file and return as a byte string .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  tag   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of groups .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   a

test:  records looking into folder ready for folder .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  shutdown   returns
truth:  clean   up

test:  formats the unix date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  set   set

test:  set an instance of an inherited password .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  override   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get optional html entire versions of template .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  get   current
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert time to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  create a new region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   value

test:  helper method to find an uploaded thread object from this process .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a datastore list of descendants that contain the specified instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to return the kernel 'activate' .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  this function does the main implementation of the script .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  list modules .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  list   in
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the log of a sharp item in a .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns the geographic for the given location .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  remove the home directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator which exempts the decorated function signature in a tree .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  override source nodes to set __loader__ .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  override   remote
truth:  display   display

test:  add a present in target .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  patch execution of a file and return the result .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  a decorator to ensure that the container exists .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  create a flavor object that has the specified flavor .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  show all unknown flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  show   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  print summary of log info that start with log .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  print   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export operators for each operators in operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  creates an sailthru file describing a new user identifier .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  adds a record for fitted command .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  adds   power
truth:  implement   null

test:  configure a python address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  control   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the credit data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an tensor with obfuscate of given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  return   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that the same suite is 32px .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  test   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in test cases .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   data

test:  make sure the dialect .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the nest binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  register   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  given a installrequirement .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   routine
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the string to a file descriptor in an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  function   function

test:  logs out json data .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  like   info
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  for output_path .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   call
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop file files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  file   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  like send_catch_log .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  change   set
truth:  populate   populate

test:  signal to create user profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  format the file system path for inclusion in a single file system .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  escape   escape

test:  calculate a set of individuals from start of individuals using the provided individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return the package database for the passed sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  return   get
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  writes   null

test:  skip this test if test is supported .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean flowgrams .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   filename
truth:  clean   a

test:  a decorator for a method to a function .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the full url .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  stops a vm .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  print   a

test:  tests the average of *x* and y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  int   null
truth:  convolve   x

test:  returns true if y is a unique labels .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the canonical path .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  return a list of executable names of the given module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  pass   order
truth:  import   import

test:  make sure that a line is in multiline .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  null   port
truth:  return   return

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  a tuple such that x in the absolute values .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dw sw task logic value .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kills the server .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  kills   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  only create if blending image is available .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  null   a
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the difference of a and b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a network to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  tests that sparse model gives the same result as sparse model .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  drops objects serializable by history .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  queries   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get quotas for driver pools .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  get   up
truth:  validates   validates

test:  takes into a list of dicts as completions .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  return   info

test:  retrieve user copy of a desktop datastore .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  retrieve   insert
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  list all tags from remote files with the given key .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  list   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  function   image
truth:  null   null

test:  get yesterdays folders from csw:record .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  serve   size
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding used by encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  replace   query
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty dict if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete proper event loop for user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  passes   keys
truth:  delete   a

test:  the q for sorting .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts basestring .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  log   truncate
truth:  null   a

test:  get the name of the package and return the contents of the group_type .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a bson string to bson .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  removes   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  pass data to the standard thermostats .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  module' fixture with a track 'x .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  make   a

test:  return the security group name for a given uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a :class:flask app factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   group
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a string representing a tokens and returns the comment packages .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  builds   filters
truth:  return   a

test:  blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  compare users and show it to a user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  given   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a list of redis to show event loop to finish .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare bem .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  test   cluster
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a tree to stdout .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   list
truth:  print   a

test:  returns unique logs from the given string .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  returns hessian array for the means this is a executed version of the residual loop parameters params : array_like the multivariate search result or determinant of trying to be able
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  determine the hash hash for the given localpath .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting in a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get reference to a new auth .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   dummy
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check they can be passed with vlan=-1 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  constructs a message with the status of the given exception .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  is   null

test:  discard a sequence of files and yield tuples .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yield   custom
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d5 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  establish every groups for each row in the list of groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  array   context
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator which translates a function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database context .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   type

test:  taken from the params: .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  like   convert
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an open database object to a specific database cli example: .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return an authed object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot the ylimits axes with axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  adam the usage in particular tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  password   compare
truth:  search   search

test:  this accessor works on dest_dir .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  encrypt   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  sets the shared context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  like   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fiff file to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   shows
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the selected timezone for a string in the given period .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as as_sparse_variable but with organization .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple helper for c{maintype} that returns a list of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  optional -> optional optional args .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  hash   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the token required by the client .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  context   processor

test:  find the current group components and data on a specific group name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  find   set
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read equality_expression chunks from data and return the resulting chunks .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   utility
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a application in the given app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a subscription to a list of fields based on the fields of a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  returns   subscriptions
truth:  get   subscription

test:  run a list of ipv6 addresses defined in local minion .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  run   remote
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get a buffer of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  get   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  create group' group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  create   notify
truth:  ensure   null

test:  read a block from the given block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  all rectangular as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  load   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  calculates a hash of data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a function which accepts no arguments at all .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   plugin
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for pythons representations .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  match a list of dictionaries .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  remove   map
truth:  converts   a

test:  do not use set to onetrue and newlines .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  always return false if the specified item is a parent directory .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   module
truth:  null   os

test:  a pickleable top-level function to echo results to strings and orv .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a default security group from the specified project .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  default   default

test:  delete media .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard or docked interactive window object .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a search implementation by trying to enable the system .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  clean   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication replication object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load instances from a given module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   timeout
truth:  null   power

test:  compute zip after zip file .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  verify if the fake image has been registered for windows .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns a set of topics with the given name .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy for a given number of elements .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find and return images using an images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator for markup returns the autocorrelation of a that is a sequence of particles .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a list of dictionaries or string form .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop reallocation complete section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   dtmf
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns true if obj is module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table in the table and nft command .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a regex .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns none values from iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a stylesheet button in input .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  set   set
truth:  hide   hide

test:  copy all item from the given item to the dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  turn a string s to its escaped characters .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  ensures that setting up twice or database tree passes the distributed engine settings .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the bipartite clustering of graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  add a question to the solution .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all auth auth auth items for all available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   template
truth:  template   template

test:  this function is needed by the module argument .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  function   null
truth:  export   method

test:  generate a previous weak name for the current previous method .
truth: process part . 
test:  generate   product
truth:  process   part

test:  change the truth name of a string names on a <script> module names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  use   camel
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  return the best best of the given series of tokennames .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  look   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the latest version of the latest request .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a explicitly can add a guiprocess file to a file .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a class with a set of couldnotimportclassormodule%rspecifiedforinheritancediagram' .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test for issue took .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the output string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a result slot .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert files for missing bucket paths .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools class .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  drops drops output for the process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  default   run
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col names provided .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  execute a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dummy implementation to make a tuple squared .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterator over unique elements .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a list of available extra template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test the populated with a block memory component .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   ip
truth:  if   check

test:  remove course tabs from course if it is marked as an old tab .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform a unslug search cpus safely returns the string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  arrays   helper
truth:  extract   slug

test:  view sizes .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  use   function
truth:  get   page

test:  print information about the output of a given cell .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  websocket any upgrade response from uri to upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  project   check
truth:  to   try

test:  parse a release release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate piecewise normalization on a diagonal matrix n x .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes model information to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  shows gcm commands as a menu .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  print a put .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  print   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled generic .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the best version of a sum .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  size that sends a password and handles it .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  view   view

test:  runs the specified configuration file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download 'swarm- .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the distance matrix of non-zero coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  union   coefficients
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given the module parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  prints a navigation menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   interface
truth:  shows   a

test:  helper to return the quantityinfo reference to the text .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the eventlet of the given thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial graph data file data .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given item is a hash object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that the file is an error containing key-value files .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  type: the list of addresses for a python indent .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  initialize legacy config options .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  config   config

test:  concatenate an encoded string with the specified regex .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  like   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  sends a search to the user .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   handler
truth:  search   search

test:  return the program engine is run on background .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  if   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  create a mock project for google cloud registrations .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  this function performs the specified system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the contents of a named image cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  git   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string identifying a list of python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the logging verbosity used by the logging module .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new parameter inside a course_id and returns the results .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   group
truth:  model   a

test:  returns true if an agent is a desktop/' .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   css

test:  create a content dict that can initialize the given content .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench web server .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   index
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns the unicode string representation of a valid hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  performs the squarefree matrix in the denominator of the denominator .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate emails to the user if not already exist in the email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   user

test:  like repr() .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  like   return
truth:  if   python

test:  returns the first version of an item .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract only the snmp data out of the first available as a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the left'] key .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  show   current

test:  return the script cache object .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  executes   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a unicode object .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   connection
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  take a media_ranges cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  take   return
truth:  return   return

test:  count the number of numbers in the number of numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  count   generate
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize the given matrix .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in billing .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the shape of the shape with integers x .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of even lengths .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  adds an enum instance to the specified descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  add   enum
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the given callables is in an agents .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this is a function for handling a template name matching the database .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown unknown is already installed .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  raises   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified context to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds a object to the object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cast unicode string to byte string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function does the example of f as a list of features separated by the po object names during the dependency module .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an state for any thepassedexpressionisnotanoperator' probability in basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the name of the certificate to remove keychain the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  signal all alarm events that have not been acknowledged .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  correct   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  gets a command and returns the current command to normal task .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  command   command

test:  transform data in a inputs: frame .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  transforms   replacement
truth:  based   null

test:  save the device to the initiator .
truth: register the device . 
test:  save   undo
truth:  register   register

test:  create a sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  source   read
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the given user has access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return full sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment message if no payment has been reached .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and serve it .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the name of a resource .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary is modified in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  adds   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces outer text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  combine two kwargs from a file .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock that is marked to the xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  password   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  return a module corresponding to this module if it can import a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the reserved context object for a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns one of a polynomial of f .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  null   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract regular step steps from an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress the input data for the reach of a string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   run
truth:  ask   null

test:  create an arp ip address of the given startup .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  extract   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  configure a file system <fs_type> on the system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  request   a
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  trigger   correct
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if remote failure" settings :rtype: string representing whether remote key is on remote failure" settings :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  display   set
truth:  displays   null

test:  converts newlines to largest the non-none size .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress reallocation command section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  request   callbacks
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to return the exact orbits[i] for a specific orbits[i] .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  return   encoder
truth:  optimized   null

test:  returns an iterable of parameter_declaration arguments in a source response .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  run current server to the port server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an email to phone conventions .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential function that returns the exponential cosine .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse note['n stream .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  ignore   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica of data random resetting .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   ica
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a test if a database is correctly .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json "epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   utility
truth:  attach   null

test:  get the date in the record .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  get   settings
truth:  update   version

test:  listen to cause a entry object to an auth account object .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering reallocation command section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   indication
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string with dictionaries of enhances .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  return   set
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls that are valid for the constants .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return correct command .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find the specified element with css_selector .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  writes the named snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  dont use the data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   null
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieves the most volume along the problem .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  resolves all items in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  like   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  a function to process if a particular user has attained access to the course for .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  function   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns all the theano activation function descriptors the current request as an authentication .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  returns   limit
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a new password .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   use
truth:  hash   a

test:  constructs everything entities from the datastore .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  restore   clone
truth:  prepares   null

test:  test whether two mount point are equal .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   routine
truth:  using   test

test:  converts a string to its kind of a positive integer .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  allocate a wedge .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  null   data
truth:  write   null

test:  write the previous hash for n_zeros .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return predefined results for command execution .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  predefined   setuptools
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent name the name of the job to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a module .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  parses yielding newline separated list of author instances for a single file .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  parses   entry
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   launch
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  change shell environment for a given package .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  change   a
truth:  create   a

test:  allocate a floating ip address according to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  returns the du['pos'] du['pos'] of a directed graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   confidence
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the target entropy to the output: cross entropy of the output: primaryjoin .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic of elements between each entry in v_1 and y .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  all 3 elements of an iterable .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   values
truth:  return   return

test:  get information for the specified user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use this to wrap a function to wrap it and sentry methods .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  use   remove
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  try to find values not start with the given value .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  to   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test ellipsis .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   template
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper to get a valid host name for a given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  show a single output vectors for title and apply an error in the users utilities matching the one of the consecutive .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  null   database
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the space whitespace .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  subtract   remove
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of s .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the input source .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  encode   list
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the device size for an int .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  checks that the user needs to log a workflow .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates the specified input value in a tensor .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  sorts and returns effective clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple in the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a numpy array that is the same as the rng .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the average of megabytes .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  model   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a url and return the contents of the given url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper to get filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the default pattern matching the default pattern .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  given   a

test:  finds all of the host and store it into xenapi .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of tuples representing a list of tuples .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  return a response with the content from the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  the utc date for yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears globally installed logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   custom
truth:  clear   null

test:  print an exception .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  fire   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get line of the given readline .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  gets   up
truth:  compute   md5

test:  format string with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  format   text
truth:  text   text

test:  default default value .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  default   try
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects image in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   prints
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible words in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a datetime format and returns a datetime object .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  overrides for evoked comments in the known .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  set the attributes of an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  for every traversal of a node that are known in a tree and a node that is the node of the node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  create a trailing job characters in random format .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if d is a field and not .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the unitary time series .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   null

test:  save a given on_focus_changed .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns true if filename is a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  see   null

test:  set log log code indicating how many logging .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   run
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get python bar positions into a bad line size .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the feature hosted within no quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  github_link log pool information about a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  submits   uses
truth:  revoke   task

test:  returns a dictionary containing differences in no-param .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a command to allow the python virtual server to be run as a containerbroker .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  display   runs
truth:  start   a

test:  load current redirect to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  load   current

test:  simple test that :arg making a protobuf .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  null   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  read input table with data values chopped by right extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  returns a list of words in file using word .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add an object to the namespace and passes it .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   set
truth:  populate   populate

test:  parse a filename and return its hex .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  casts variables as a bool if the value is true .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  casts   appends
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return a formatted string for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  render a form error as you would see in a browsing display error .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  create a dependency tool shed via the system .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  create   create
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that decides whether calling a callable is implemented in a callable .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  if   name
truth:  given   a

test:  language: fonctionnalit\xe -> language class is ignored .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  setup warning behavior to warning defaults .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion order upto given order and derivative motion + d2/dt2 + d2/dt2 + d2/dt2 motion + order + d/dt motion .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  get the theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  attach a log handler for the pwnlib root loggers .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   need
truth:  logging   logging

test:  determine whether the given path was made in the current default toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  given   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion reallocation 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  add   reject
truth:  control   control

test:  indexes: matching user .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  matching   module
truth:  null   handlers

test:  get the current environment variable set to push in environment variables .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate ipython string of a given length .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n the current search history immediately .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  resets   s
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json file cache object from the cache data .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load a given pandas data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  run a command and wait for a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   a

test:  escape a name into a packed text .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  name   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test find-links as a cause outstanding for mysql purposes .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  validate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse namecoin data to create two dataset .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the list of message sizes for the provided template tag .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize the x squared columns of files with a log iterable parameters x : array-like log file .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  function   average
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a line with first measure time series in the specified axis .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   pattern
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer or a byte array to a unicode compatible byte array .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the synchronization name for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all requests associated with the given obj and assigns the result to a context variable .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set pending apps for verbose_name .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  look   start
truth:  like   like

test:  iteration_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  return a dictionary of es objects for the given product .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   field

test:  given a buffer from buffer cases .
truth: return major . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image file as an json-compatible image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if nested mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  if text is a method call .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve information about a particular ethernet instance .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first series digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this method allows us to the python set the alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  mode that returns the script is not in an object .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  determine   start
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all iam services .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with fill .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  fetch   test
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a set of items to infer a refs .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   attribute
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns a datasource name for a specific tool or none if it is a datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the category that matches the given location for the draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  if   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   set
truth:  module   module

test:  return the zpk representation of the extend_positions forms .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  check   check

test:  internal helper method for the current module .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create collection containing integer .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  create   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  deletes the map .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  deletes   limit
truth:  if   checks

test:  trims the old class to zero or extend a theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  constructs the list of test tests from a list of callbacks modules .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  constructs   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the elements of the most common element in tuple .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  nested   get

test:  returns a list of tuples suitable for containers file .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert groups to seqs in each dictionary of groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  get the lock of value .
truth: lock file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates the hash for the given url .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  hash   function
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs coverage dict for a grid of syncs coverage .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc extensions from given toc path .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the named user in which to modify a new home directory to prevent home new home directory name username : false set to prevent the home page to prevent
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert a string to human readable form .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a transform for two hash of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   entity
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the default widget type as a trailing type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  null   try
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut of records for the cut of others .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   a

test:  compare an array of permutations from a file .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  try to verify a host to an excel boundary .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  get noise loops .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  if properly used .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   open
truth:  null   item

test:  waits until a function does not wait until the true or timeout expires .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  null   call
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack 2d standardized .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  files   return
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured backend details for an host backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  given a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  given   function
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description of the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   a
truth:  take   null

test:  construct a polynomial from the most recently v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within this topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate the pointsarebeinggenerated set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  points   points

test:  create a category of integers from a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the centers of the contour loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse saving special characters from a variety .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert to a flow object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  to   like
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture to test a fake path for the test call .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  sets   admin
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a databases from the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm sequence of 32-bit pairs .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the working cwd of the ino string .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   current

test:  this function returns streamlist specific audio override the make it easier to a given stream .
truth: get streams . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   streams

test:  format human readable units as string .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the default authenticated user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  test if the shape is compatible with the same type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the named tour is complete for this process .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  public routine to get an rte doctest .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of square and integer .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  returns a amount of environment used for the remote thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return string representation for interacting with the optionally project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  string   prompt
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url from a file .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  remove the az eigva: between two variables .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  delete   default
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether the path is a file-like object .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a value is valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the project only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parses a string as entity .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns the 'string'} installation dict from the resource graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the vm with the vm specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and re-add a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  order   order

test:  updates constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the list of doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   doctype
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if the given ip address is a valid ip address string .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  save the contents of a tree space .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  log   pairs
truth:  show   show

test:  check if the directive contains a directive directive in any of the filenames .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  test   normalizes
truth:  null   method

test:  add a page to the new problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  map the full path to an html html html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   a

test:  generate the function in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  restore   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; path; it will be converted before a
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take a vector or stack of dtype and return the input matrix with dtype and like x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  take   position
truth:  like   like

test:  return a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  return   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package with soft-delete arguments .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a response that implements the definitions .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  function   function

test:  modify the flash messages for a given flash .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  works   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in an ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  determines whether the constraint is suitable for use in a constraint .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  correct   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  return predefined information on a zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  default   default

test:  print all the diffs elements of the array .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  print   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  writes subscription entry .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files via sudo .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  files   bool
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test /dev sensitive axis .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  do not allow a reverse to be a standard numpy array .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  compares   get
truth:  objects   objects

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return a tuple containing the jid_dir in the interface .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  source   source

test:  extract the rank from a set of inside the given rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  extract   times
truth:  get   get

test:  try to return a similar dataframe with suffix .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ask a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   mark
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper method to get variable similar to a name and returns it .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  convert a string to a datetime object .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return the registered token .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  destroy   session

test:  for a given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the glance image from the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  like elemwise but also use on sorted by the integer or bounds of distro data .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resize an image into a network image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  resize   image
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  return a single python line containing python python python python .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  create   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  decorator to simplify methods with a passf .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the most resources for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  modify a json string based on document .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  sign   switch
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the ftensor conversion is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  start a specified client on the specified host .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  create   set
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  get all available roles assigned to the available system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   queries
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if a timestamp is allowed to apply .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  return   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate a function and type_qualifier and type_qualifier .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random element given the variation of an input set .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a db instance in the database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  elementwise natural variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up git command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  git   git

test:  tests for indexing is constant in system .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  to   test

test:  returns a function that matches the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the value of a given mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test to make sure that the timeout is initialized .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches this explicitly removes head from a resources .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   null
truth:  based   null

test:  helper to format a string into a list of values .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   string
truth:  return   a

test:  declare the number of args that declare an object .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a remote command .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  run   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  given a vowel block and a file handle .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  log   history

test:  logout test program using running multiple messages .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  like |safe .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets to create a new table .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  crop image of the y .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reset the current audio stream that can be used to expired state in the state .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% microsite_css_overrides_file logic logic to a template .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event object .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test the no bundle to no config .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  test   sample
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge c{g}s doc .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merge   user
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  run   change
truth:  config   config

test:  this method checks whether the given user has least squares as the given course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the type of the mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  remove the configured error .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  error   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create nested frames with each subject and a master frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a callable corresponding to lookup_view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the exception count count of a quota image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  change the default configuration to this process .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a search document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  append   append

test:  remove groups from group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  compress   task
truth:  null   groups

test:  trigger an iterator over the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  help function which always assert the array size and body of the given host .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  formats   obj
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list table solaris .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   generator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string argument to a dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  use   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter filters filters and use for all filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  send a deprecation language .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch relation for sorting logical c{bytes} - 1 .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns unique identifier from site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a finite random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the name of the current backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  construct a list of model objects from the given image name .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  start a container name container name or id refresh force a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  compare two keys that are in the key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  find a country code for a given region .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print management account for a list of management .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in seq .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is not too long to score or sort is not too long .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform words that correspond to a tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  transform   html
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  return the path of a cache file .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   up
truth:  supplied   null

test:  did the vertex indices of a source space using a source estimate .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  to   decimal
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   force
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a daily with the given type .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an expression .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   put
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  performs bing .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  run   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a list of lists .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  bytestring -> primary template rendering .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find n to values in a 2d index .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  determine   index
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a list of files for the current mkdir directory .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculates the cluster mapping of the given list of dicts .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  calculates   cluster
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns whether we have a ufunc that validates the inputs .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  queue endpoint for the entire video handle .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find a stim channel image .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   events
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of projects matching the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a datetime object using the integer .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the start and end of a timedelta .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  poll   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  get error on invalid dhcp_option_id lookup .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  cross   execution
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to count the current host .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   like
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   register
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections of x intersections from loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  xml   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount the target with the target number of seconds .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a url to an username .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the encoding as a simply tag .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  parse   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return whether the name is a shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with the specified viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  convert   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  perform the html dialog from the settings of an settings .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  display   point
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract token from known tokens .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of bsgs objects from a strong degree .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  print an html tag with the given element and target .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of element of the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the entire text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the file is a python binary or a file path .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  simple function to bookmarks from a list of tags and bookmarks .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  null   git
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  given a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a square navigation tree for the given node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a making sure that the decorated function works on a specific package .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  override   helper
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the of app object whose keys are namespace and values are namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the given string generated by an encoded message .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  used   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  cast a resource class to resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  set   parameters
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  return media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  get   media

test:  merge min_coverage references to force filters .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  dictionary   directories
truth:  given   null

test:  get the resource info required to create an sqs connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   patch
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get all the circle from the intersection loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like c but return the character in the string to input .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if docker traffic is able to marathon .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  check   app
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  used for returning all packet namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   return
truth:  provide   information

test:  bulk set the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  retrieve filename .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  returns the given int as a valid int object and return it :arg utf-8 string of bytes .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  show changed info of (available info cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   detail
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an executable path for the executable and is found .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  override   return
truth:  update   update

test:  given a package code in the given module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  find all messages except on the can'tget .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  enforce   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check if server or not .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  if   arguments
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  return a list for further directories in the directories listed in filename :type fst str .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts the type associated to a given buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  gets   converts
truth:  go   null

test:  make a testcase to test the reloading class signature .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  test   result
truth:  create   a

test:  is this a blank or tp .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a serialize/deserialize level to as a file .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return whether a connection is currently active connection or the connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher class with state given state .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   report
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats a message with any msgelse which encoded pulling .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  fail   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns an absolute path to a file containing the version of the file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add metadata metadata .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   figure
truth:  null   null

test:  extract a file from the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  extract   generate
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image in grr mode .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   path
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the file name from the binary .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   name
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a varchar(n) list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules for all rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  using   null

test:  concatenate a 2-d array a 2-d vector .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a != b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of raw base base s with base base .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the questions for a given series_id if the complete_id is installed then a form are also provided in the order of all the complete_id before doing all the order
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  generate text for distributed format of a cms format .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a plot .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets returns a dictionary describing the named targets file name put .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build a url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  build   build

test:  build a dict that maps vnc ports to info .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print an exception in python 2 .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  check   check

test:  the idea .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   name
truth:  initialize   null

test:  it handles the stack based on the stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  apply trunk failure to the module manager type .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  iterate   callback
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use this to dynamically add an error message to identify the server message .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  use   line
truth:  solves   problem

test:  this function is for functional events to a given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add an opcode to a list of strings .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete an html or system .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert vector into [0 .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  cross   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate the favorite_info function that actually run for a resource on the given resource and dir_name .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns the region of an endpoint from the given service name or none if it is invalid .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read xread file and return encoding .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations to make_node translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  null   i
truth:  translated   append

test:  return /path/to/* .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   users

test:  find a list of legacy qos spec .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  function   qos
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate two datasets .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  t of the tstd .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random subset of lorem characters in registration_code_length strings .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts any .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address space .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if user can naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a number as a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation of rows and updates the desired row .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parses the string and returns the access value in the given string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  dumps   back
truth:  transform   transform

test:  find the gluster version .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  perform   a

test:  perform elements of a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  undo 2d targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  fill   regression
truth:  -   -

test:  compare files in a list of files or a specified file returns true if file has a specified file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  compare   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  email   email

test:  converts the given datetime as a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  converts   events
truth:  is   null

test:  run the geos test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only make these states available .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  uses transcribe to compute the whole response for use with powers .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  uses   alpha
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations key type .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute nodes in g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that x can be done as a fixed file with the current xy .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   units
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  given a list of allowed elements .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given string is a list of tuples .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a dictionary with keys having any of the given key .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  send a message to mapreduce .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  a little helper method to send to meeting the node of fullname .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  output the integration used for the duration of a vbl file .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  output   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the current cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  if   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the specified line is a line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  request a student to be handled as a background task .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  creates   request
truth:  submits   a

test:  for second holiday of two adjacent ones! if holiday falls on next return next .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   holiday

test:  parse an html list .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  invalidate the querying of the specified user from the api service .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  reads   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager to change the devnulltry on a with statement .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  compute   users
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  log   a
truth:  send   a

test:  if we are arraylike / arraylike / arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if this is currently running on a idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the prlsrvctl executable cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  format a clip target' .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if obj is issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor from module monit using module monit .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  modify   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a assorted .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write the string to the current git .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the default table of the current instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  query[ a conn from a query .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  using   properties
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until timeout is true or timeout .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  checks the schema in base64 format for the given attribute .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  adds   validation
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method for getting a list of flavor trees .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  delete elasticsearch elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  does   transform
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via prefix .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  queries queries as an instance .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set up the netatmo component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is from the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: versionnumber this plugin allows you to put cleanup to your build step will execute the job .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update the version string .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  update   patches
truth:  if   null

test:  receive and decode the given controller on the monitoring server .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  receive   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger and get the logger id .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  install the oracle for each site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  install   prints
truth:  require   null

test:  return version cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shift path argument using cubed .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  text   function
truth:  null   pretty

test:  compute post edges in a depth-first-search from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  compute best best source number from a currently used in the portage .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  translated   matches

test:  compute the size of a certain tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   header
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  call gce create a node .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  call   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for coordinates about a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic stochastic index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the hostname for a django branch .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  get   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  tests whether it can be used with a maximum .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking return a area with the name .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  blocking   non

test:  wrap x in a proxy object .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse text containing .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  draw   ellipse
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns whether a process or not the given pid exists .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  convert a storage object to a file .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the os'] configuration and commits the given storage .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  if given path is a square relative to .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  download   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to create a new instance containing the empty directories there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a function as a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path in file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return the media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of sort objects .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing *func* in nopython mode using the class decorator .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a template by its extensions .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   file
truth:  if   test

test:  create a new user like caches .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expand a router setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator used to track the new result neuralnet type .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  used   instance
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the global etry value .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   get

test:  will set modified timestamp for certain objects .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   update
truth:  modified   sets

test:  print out private key in the server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  print   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  we hit an plugin profiles .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a dict containing the names and length for the given path .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find the path to the supplied directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert between two arguments to a single call .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marks a test as an element .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging serializer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  convert n generators to console or fixed chunks .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  turns all uppercase options that can be embedded once with a single space .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  turns   command
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket connection and return an instance of the host .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a function that converts a reverse instance to the represent spatial values .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on a given location .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number for each node in the tree that has line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a function used as a listener .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : lpar | list_type | set_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  prefix the total web application to update it in a given payload tested against: * mysql the postfix of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path with svgreader .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   path

test:  return the time in seconds since last tic .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  join a pathname .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  join   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  check for a precision vector with enough "'%sprecision'shouldbesymmetric .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  generates instance of files in remote packs .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  server   server

test:  find first word in x .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   polynomial
truth:  find   image

test:  a version of nbits in fixed_ip .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  given   integers

test:  technical view for ajax exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  create   a

test:  fail fail when .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the initializing email address .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a string to the state document .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  get the supplied grid match the supplied grid .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  get   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  run proxy .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  run   a
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads images in the folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   group

test:  load lock file from npz .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  load   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the templates specified in a list of templates .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the group object from a specific entry .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  get   return
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an iterator over all http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified activity type .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  raises   null

test:  produce an authorization request for the request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base class corresponding to the given object .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the rpm device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise x .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  log   work
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all of the named compiler flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the object is a l2 .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   app
truth:  return   return

test:  a user mod(p**) test files .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of versions of obj as a string .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic issue a2enmod .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   try
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pair from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively search the absolute value of a given argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  python wrapper that returns the modified cache files in the provided folder .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  if   return
truth:  caching   null

test:  takes a list of paths and returns the status .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  return   options
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a list of all core modules .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  derive amount of amount of amount of items .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the given credentials are valid according to the google occurances .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   run
truth:  null   authorization

test:  expands a 2d tensor to the kth of an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  selected   reduction
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a dict of all files under name .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  restart the file should be run .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return text with text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the fully qualified version containing a tuple .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   like
truth:  get   get

test:  given a service value .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  read a document from the given stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   template
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  this function returns a string to store the time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : ruleitem plus includes right sensors | new newline .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  remove the nginx sdk setting from the module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  remove   script
truth:  resets   null

test:  like wsgi but returns a url this work in the wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  like   chop
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with the specified package spec .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array with ipythons .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decrypts a string cypher with the private key key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypts   code
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a admin test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reverse categories .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  text   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  a file to close a read in child processes and translate a file to its read in child .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  file   set
truth:  file   file

test:  usage: usage: .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   parameters

test:  wrap context manager to once on serial once .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a variable to a byte string .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array if given pattern/regex is contained in each string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  find   find

test:  generate milliseconds for text at the end of the item .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   speeds
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the given payload .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   generic
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the compiler from the json with the indicated files and converts them into given library .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads a observer object from the configuration and return it .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   data
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  run tests with nested nested dictionaries and run multiple times .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  read the entire folder and return a tuple .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  read   os
truth:  to   try

test:  return the message with a debug level .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rendered   page

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extract the first value from a specified key string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  value   value

test:  loads images in python 3 .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return the number of groups a user is subscribed to a filter .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  check function returning a single element in the given data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  function   format
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility function to parse all events in an loops .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name for a deprecated config resource name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  return the current time in section 9 .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   a

test:  return method name .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  get   file
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to register a test classes into the class .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until a process has been reached .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a random cone dict from second .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  initialize   n
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a name .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for issue scipy .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a neighbor channel representing a neighbor of a neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a reverse generated by skipfirst .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  ignore   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  removes a config directory and all directories .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and y .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mkchi -> grayscale .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   access
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of pcount ports from the security port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts a date format to a list of python objects .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run tests tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  check if all smartly editor is available on the minion .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   work
truth:  get   get

test:  show a list of all the figures in a reachable graph .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  show   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  renders markdown text of pleaseusedjblets .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  takes a list leaf tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  reorders   sparse
truth:  enforce   a

test:  call this string and return a list of the elements .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  call   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box regression transform on rois finance .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a package with broken files .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return files as a file name and write it to a file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that distances are not composed of npt .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output type works as intended .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   series_or_df
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  reorder an higher root statistic v .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the mappings with mappings units to the supplied unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  adds   distance
truth:  support   support

test:  produces a new array of array slices in each element .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   encodes
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of all connections from global tables this sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  insert a decorator to match processor names on its defined object so we can be executed on the given models .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  classify tp .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  fires   sleep
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dont try to get markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  filter   markdown
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to do a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  negative operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  store   dict
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main method that returns the scan information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   start
truth:  stop   a

test:  write the target filenames and all the entry filenames within the path specified .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  write   images
truth:  generates   a

test:  logs a message .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a public datacenter in the config .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  destroy   set
truth:  enables   null

test:  create a dictionary with keys from dictionary .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of bad plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a slice of loose .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  match   a
truth:  fix   fix

test:  from "{k}"} .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  decorator to generate a command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the binary data block by padding .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  returns a string of <4 .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the and numeric factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  return   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor with uniform distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns proxy protocol dict by an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate html into an example application .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  restores   estimate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  build the build path without the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for specified resource .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a trunk object - enabled by name .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a single mode using the given filename .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  converts from standard deviations raises an standard direction to standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  print a list of all lists .
truth: list own . 
test:  print   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string from the specified text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the information for standard output cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  dump   cast
truth:  function   function

test:  set the given properties on an instance .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like every server for use only called on view with the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a tree between strings and a tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  predicate   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  compute the tree of input object as a tree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  helper to check the spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  to   contrast
truth:  function   function

test:  solve a fraction of n .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  solve   force
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a movie from a movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the name of the gce instance .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  raise command with a shell .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all ampersands stripped .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indentation manager .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   quote
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  list all zpool groups .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for concrete tidy action .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  creates   replace
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a tuple of the given user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return the version of the api for this windows service .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  configures and deletes a specified request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  null   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  get the kex specified to use in key exchange .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a constructor for a init init string .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print a file in place for the file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   return

test:  assume if a cors is known .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  display an rgb file to a file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  process   null
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script named by name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the global configuration object .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random random string .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  paging '%tcp .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  signed   root
truth:  null   a

test:  escape the query as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  convert binary structure to a one-dimensional sequence of vectors .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  return the text index of an text note: this dataset has to index note: this text uses .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a dataset consisting of word data set into a training .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  predicate to format a channel in first from line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of the field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  example of flash - verify that the flash 1024 is failed .
truth: index handler . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  function using a function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  function   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  a decorator for memoizing cached size of a function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  decorate   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge dictionary d with final values .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  create a tenant user or raise if the given user was created .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  executes and returns the systemd api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  execute   start
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python values to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  function   cast
truth:  null   method

test:  list all policies describing the principal principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a given descriptor to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a course_key .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   set
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file to a given precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  submits   gcode
truth:  writes   null

test:  turn a variable to a variable .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  text   null
truth:  running   in

test:  is a list of archive we have a sha-256 file or patch .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  record   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the python path suitable for use in plain calls .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  create a set of every dtype in the default dtype .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reallocation command section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   exit
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the cubic of a matrix in a given axes .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  draw   use
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new instance of a function type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the bracket .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  return a list of files for the repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  import a single page .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  import   fixtures
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  load   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return name of currently active name cli example: .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  name   return
truth:  list   a

test:  install specified output of comment .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   calls
truth:  install   a

test:  returns plugin information .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   information

test:  get a cluster by name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a iterable of elements into a shell-escaped and a slice value .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  take   convert
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create a bold object with the given name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  create   call
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   multiple
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is equal to an existing file .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  read the source event for the current thread .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  modify   database
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the ssh gateway to use .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a figure to the existing figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get a suitable version of redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the requested document arguments: tex_root -- the document to get the path to the pcap as a string using the path environment .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  load a c{entry} separated data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check for use of line .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   configure
truth:  check   no

test:  generate any pickleable structure and secret data using the secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given value .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   python

test:  return list of the list of persist modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests various efficient times at various threads .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  allocate   start
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to define decorators .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  define   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set the system attributes associated with a given object .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  set   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  export variables from storage so that they can be used as rows .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  outputs   a

test:  sets the job status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  sets   features
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an array of sigmoid and return the resulting dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  create   permission
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait for a process with pid information .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   set
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new kerning class .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses a sequence of http date format into a unix object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tagreturn an image from a repository to identify the entirely image .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  default   tag
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  edit zip line based on zip .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  header   files
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download time with rss .
truth: process one link . 
test:  null   download
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-pull(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  gets the shell alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  gets   close
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using latest 'simple' and will normalize the name .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right multiarg cases in bootstrap cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   test

test:  if the request is an http/1 .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the python method signature as an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate the expected score of two images .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  strips a string to a sequence of alignment comments .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  slices   copy
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given url is a remote host .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  delete list of files and an esxi location of a user to be found for cache that the context .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  list   list
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what this method is run with a message and then main greeting .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show the same height height -> only one height .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get and display the entire http requests for a client .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method is designed to publish a readable topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  if username is not the user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  for general form of master to export .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   patches
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries where second_dict values take a single .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test that triangle outside of data .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove complete from receiver .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  remove   script
truth:  do   null

test:  return a basic auth object .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  return   waits
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up proj to "pkgs" .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  set   events
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the cached problem from the current thread .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   query
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the display cache files to download a given directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if a directory in subjects_dir is an mri bem subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the given hash value can be done by the given hash .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  split specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  run   null
truth:  set   set

test:  sets status in db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  imports   site
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that raising a function as typing .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  given   null

test:  replace windows .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   module
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string and return it .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if the site is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start the twisted notification or run a subprocess .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   method

test:  generate common entries for configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  generate   fit
truth:  run   run

test:  constructs a unicode object from a unicode type .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  constructs   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete variables have any valid variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the system args for dbus locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  set   a
truth:  use   use

test:  casts a type to the underlying type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  class decorator to access the full class of a class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove the c_generator tree from the source files as a python string .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  given   null

test:  test bem bem solution for bem solution .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  find   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  f -> domain takes a function object from the domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception to a dynamically .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test timeout] validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   database
truth:  socket   socket

test:  yaml: a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a resource entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  create a formatted string of the given object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a string x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  given   exp
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert all coefficients in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  emit   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in dna and errors are errors in dna compressed fields also flags .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield all the items from a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  confirm that the user of an email address .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert iterator with newlines spec to time spec .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  returns whether the given package .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  zones configuration .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  build   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  read a child pid file as a triple .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  create   create

test:  load and return the contents of an encoded request as a tuple .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  load   null
truth:  object   object

test:  internal helper to generate things: .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  to   count
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize a couple .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  float   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   dataset
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a courses date and upgrade any upgrade upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  given   port
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a dataset wrapping a state successive monitoring loop and ensures that unconditionally can be correctly for state to stdout .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of iri that are tabs or if each of the given process .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure specified master connection is sentinel name the name of the master with the first sentinel name of the master process on which to set to true .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to a campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  parse loop with the loops and store the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  get   svg
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  if value returns true or share the given delay to a share seconds .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   long
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns ansi escape code formatted for the given color or none .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   options
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   parameters
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get the docker-compose file created by the docker-compose app .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  get   image
truth:  load   a

test:  separate the case of the matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  define   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find metadata in s3 .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  fill in a rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  fill   merge
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return whether the given node has a readable node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get the end time as a constant .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a expr_stmt of output label and arguments .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  returns   apps
truth:  null   utility

test:  always exit static file .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all the tables .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   display
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed packages on snmp cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  if a task is handled .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save the distance graph to our resource_options .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  parses   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  convert an hexadecimal identifier to a string representation .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  convert   powers
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the python exception in a stream .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  exception   exception

test:  clean changes from host .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  clean   float
truth:  format   format

test:  parse the pattern log file into .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   event
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract only the steps without a background doctest .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the data matrix lengths .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test to make sure that the slugify wont work correctly .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  if a versioned document or all of the cib .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  synthesizes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set common config if not already present in the given facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if pid is running according to the current pid .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  function   return
truth:  use   os

test:  search for pairwise_kernels discovery .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   operation
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing html column in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  formats decimal units to a string .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  has   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a dictionary of the job directories .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator making a method with a recorded exception .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update user cli example: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   a

test:  parses a otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  parses   app
truth:  opens   null

test:  a contextmanager that acquires a resource and returns a path to it .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a module path to the operating system description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager to catch the target target defaults on the specific server .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a proxy :rtype: list .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts the message with salt myminion message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dictionary of the toplevel_dir required to the configuration .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   proxy
truth:  extracts   a

test:  helper function that converts a fragment and/or spherical .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test whether converter should be used with a cm unit unit tests .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed resource to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extend unit flag to update unit data sampled .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  to   update
truth:  related   update

test:  initialize pycaffe .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update the project that is not a project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  to   read
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return the relative suffix string as a relative sls tag .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an nibabel .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   output
truth:  null   helper

test:  compare djangos thin calls to work on testing calls .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   override
truth:  is   null

test:  run the provided command containing a subshell and execute it if the given shell input is detected .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of zones using this process from this regions .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  to   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute polynomial [k in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  return pip version of :math:varphi(x) specified by sys .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a list of all of the child characters into a single child characters .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the learner object for the given learner name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given variable to be used in celery for a test .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  draw zi threshold validation filter parameters x : array-like array of an input filter .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  enhance   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test version module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   backend
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a version of the given header value .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   render
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the requested changes made in requested config configuration information .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert a string to a returned object .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   null

test:  use the cli command line by subprocess .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  given   merge
truth:  specified   null

test:  returns a propertygroup object for the given document .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  return a quoted version of a url; .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cumulative inverse of the current inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prints a safe repr of a string object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  runs the variable set from the given cookie instance .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the string from the given node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  release release environment variables by the frame .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return top data for a broadcasting matrix .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  configured   reconstruction
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general bundle for the given osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the seen paths to search for a python application .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   details
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns an iterator of all valid weighers project names .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most pad lists numbers .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and end the dummy likelihood dimensions of an axis .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  construct   display
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a time .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  make the timeseries and 1 parameters -3 : int or same-length coefficients of the input token .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  make   optional
truth:  is   null

test:  converts iterable object to strings .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a string representing the given number of locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a resource from an coming .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  removes   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to create a new instance containing the empty directories there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform on all xmodules .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  convert an index or installed uuid to the given student .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is a hexadecimal function to make a file structure first argument is a thrift file system and columns .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  name   a
truth:  read   data

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: always load . 
test:  needs   default
truth:  load   load

test:  adds a unique id to be called if it is already exists .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new project record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  querying kmz from the given kml object .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that a wheels method supports pip mismatch .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  using   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string or bytes to bytes .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  project files view shows the project files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given django time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a python string referring to a byte string .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   test

test:  assign a website binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the unusable cflags of m sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  return tip for serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns linux .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  testing the requested app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  testing   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information about the previously disabled or a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute the given graph between theano and static files .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  execute   product
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the coefficient of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   normalizes
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper for pem .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  builds   null

test:  return the gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  return   gzip
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator for functions that detect the method node in the given function node .
truth: function type . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  patch about a single event test .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  patch   up
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns texpath .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version to load bulk build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  send   shortcut
truth:  mail   mail

test:  remove all items in a given sequence .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  null   null

test:  parse arguments .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the definition from an currently set .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth api endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  create an entry from the datastore database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  load   core
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of the details .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a content in the specified flask test data .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn a :class:handler .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  turn   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get root parent in database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   display
truth:  context   context

test:  returns true if the given model is projection as an entity .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the definitions to install a file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   iterator
truth:  gets   null

test:  wait for a vm to be run on the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  null   a

test:  writes one-element to a file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  assign   open
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a list of paths in a file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next series moments after subtracting the series is farther from each series of the series is farther out of the series
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for a project .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  null   content
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  displays a file into encoding .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  record   return
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   everything
truth:  register   language

test:  returns the object repr of obj and numeric object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a comment from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view - returns the hierarchy of a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   sample
truth:  extract   a

test:  if current volume is supported .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws access key :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that model(s) works .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   shape
truth:  test   test

test:  import submodules for given package .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  return a list of for the dashboard files cli example: .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  text   version
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file and encoding .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a varchar(n) list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  use this filter to generate html events; configure exit data structure only a libraries of controlled .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  filter   idea
truth:  renders   html

test:  generates a function for snapshots in a scope parameters .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  configures   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  read a native aggregate to a python address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with blocks .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if f is a symbol for the given domain .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a json page templates: based on the threads defined by the json page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp execute a build step .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns new array of dtype mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  domain   data
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  override override without override default value .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  override   open
truth:  set   set

test:  common code for the given method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  bitwise slices and generalized slices to outputs the inputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  input   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string of pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local otsus threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  get the recordings with the specified docstring .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  get   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run method through : menu .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  run   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a polynomial .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   function
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip test is listed .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  removes the current notes notes notes filters and converts it into a dict .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return user data for the authorization header and private auth name .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  extract   query
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json formatted error in the current timed .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  return   mark
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by the plugins .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  replace dates .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an action for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return normalized value of threshold for numpy array see docstring for some value of the image .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  value   null
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials data from file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send time logs out of failed .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  time   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test ['g keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid uri .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to finds vm cases for policy parameters name .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  null   distance

test:  this hook prints the source directory .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a table of tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the strong progress for the specified opts .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message to pixels .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the traversal spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  checks if the file system on partition <minor> has already installed .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   checks
truth:  removes   null

test:  return information about rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  return   a

test:  only run this module if python-ethtool is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  confirm   load
truth:  load   load

test:  upload the fake image to the instance .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return f**n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  clean   counts
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement type b section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  a helper function for untranslated ensuring that pads the given range and 80 .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  the function is blank or the current actor .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of paths that can be searched as a file .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins and return 0 .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  execute   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  calculates a ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary of all items in a set of lists .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   override
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a draft with the given user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an site and match for each feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare the data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) as a var(p) process parameters coefs : array integer token returns fs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns tuple of strings containing multiple of the python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the modbus platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert to slack .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  to   linear
truth:  convert   colour

test:  return embedded data .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -> art return a hosts that fab library transforms .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered modules to output js .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized collection of private attributes to use .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert paths to a list of option paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the csf of --public-key-outfile cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  returns the boolean address of the user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the mean for the metric measure of the metric body .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  read   read
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the chosen use from api: as such that certain strings or yields unique elements .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  open a socket socket on the suitable system .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   a

test:  set the user out of the application .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  set   log
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of all python modules cli example: .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform a vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   up
truth:  sample   sample

test:  computes the current base and generate a base plaintext string .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten the given string .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build a default action .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an in-memory windowview: which will return a new in-memory imap4 to the given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  returns true if filename is a list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  used   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve information about the module .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check version of version >= installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a queryset of the minimum replacement surrounding the string .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove the color link from a chooses file .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  mutable - use textual instead of args instead of checks .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  delete   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this queue and the pending data .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  return list of html file in graphviz from the given filename or a dot file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  return   data
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace backslash and trailing whitespace with whitespace .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  change the old 74 encryption .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  change   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of command arguments for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the given markup string to the native characters .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of return each tag as string using euclids .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  release   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create new user group .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list of list in the same order .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  returns setting for the smtp setting .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all installed network objects for the specified file .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to generate a datetime .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  to   build
truth:  take   action

test:  indent all nodes or match files .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  return   a

test:  email to testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata users page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  to   a
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a datetime value to be read only .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  take   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a pointer file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the compute server if it is the given server reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses the empty string to be cffi .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   class

test:  return array of cpu state data .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  array   a
truth:  m   m

test:  returns true if the user is admin for this group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  return the amount of all available pressure modules cli example: .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  render list of tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  list   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  get gateway for a given document .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last whitespace defined on last whitespace .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   null

test:  this function is mostly given a positive integer difference .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  function   alias
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source strings for project .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  source   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary product of prior and the prior node .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  turn a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  parsing   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure that value is non-empty with right type and of the value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  ensure   code
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return data dict composed of u'parser and put it in an u'parser dict .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns an instance of local keys on local batch .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the email information .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  robust interpolates for a batch of points from cdf .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  strip   function
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an axfr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  main function for the boilerplate layout .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  return   point
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  a fake implementation of a fake test .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export the gcode text .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  with comments are not or comma separated correctly .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  for a method that returns a decorator that applies one class as a policy check .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  function to set the current thread .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  for each line .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets html parser for a specified user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if ref appears to be a refname[i file or .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that an internet token matches the specified internet method .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the visible column of a specified file .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should temporarily override context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  sets the given server as an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and return selectcommitsdialog json file .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the specified user-milestone link from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the organization datasets .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  skirt a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  test whether a page to make sure all enclosure are changed .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  null   null

test:  create a platform for the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  create   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  reads   package
truth:  package   package

test:  dump a file and return the default stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dumps   prints
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the data of a package in which the given module name of the package contains a package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove the named container cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert knots into a sensible sensible white up to right fields .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks that the response is access to an state .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length of the given length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  set user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a character string in a1 notation to a row .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a cache 32-bit integer .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get all employee documents for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a unique layer of the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear the backup of all the paths in the directory .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  given   jedi
truth:  clear   null

test:  download the templates at a url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  walks a file-like object containing a given iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the sha1 hash of a revision hash algorithm .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a json representation of jit nodes .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator for debugging in failure associated with failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  add a user to an object .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable the global gui gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  tell   null

test:  get the tests and create a sorted list with the documents .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   python

test:  helper function that returns a elapsed formatted instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer for a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine image from docker-compose .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  combine   remove
truth:  blend   blend

test:  argument is a geometry .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks up a query .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  rolls   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  internal function that raises a new versions of the model .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  call signature:: every message in the given filename and return true if a valid path was not enabled .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a llvm certificate for the given url .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename all graphs union .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  takes a config for signing .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  takes   things
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extracts the id from the changelog .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  check to see if the specified signature is found .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive method for the current process .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup an http user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  shuts   manager
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a databases from its name database white database cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   issue
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and add text to the inner tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns translation format supported by current user .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for debugging methods .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the connection to the specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  do we represent task in order to operate .
truth: from url . 
test:  do   merge
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get hexadecimal characters .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert counters format to dict .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  load the environment variable and return the environment dict .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  go   server
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   tags

test:  mark a test as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test subcommands stream check that pkcs#12 controlling data .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  test   axes
truth:  check   correctness

test:  transform nt program into namedtuple of namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  transform   system
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   people

test:  set a list of codons .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  set   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return a timezone string representing a timedelta .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test short helper .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  output   read
truth:  null   word

test:  test source inverse computation in source operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  test   mne

test:  set the namespace for a gcode object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  set   set
truth:  called   null

test:  tells the positions of *a* .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorator for filetimes .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   no
truth:  turns   a

test:  destroy volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should have a constant .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  create flowgrams in a cluster .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  function   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  find a *prefix* redirect to an http response .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  if   function
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max padding layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the path and the stdout that would use by errors .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  return   notify
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a random file using the given mode and access datetime object .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the connection with the specified session .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  initialize   current
truth:  check   check

test:  converts unicode object to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   convert
truth:  pack   pack

test:  change the modules with the same name as the substring .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   a
truth:  fix   method

test:  convert the standard disk attached to a disk disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts the function takes a depth and converts it into a corresponding dimension .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate responses from responses returned by the given mime response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  form   decode
truth:  convert   response

test:  test if specified >= ratio for a given numpy test rather than a clean operand ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  if   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  find common filename in github format from node using graphviz .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  find   arguments
truth:  create   node

test:  a nice python module is supposed to have a release release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test mininet prompt for mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  get the pci specified .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate value of the given doc .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  validate   context
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically have the network identified by host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative function .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   network

test:  launches a model instance .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  install one or more pip packages .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   list
truth:  install   a

test:  wrap python cache files before we only use to get the git .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  point   point
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the status of the collection as a dict .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  check to reload the modules in a bokeh module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  imports   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  calls func .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  func   a
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print an xml string with each character in the given element .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   variables
truth:  dump   null

test:  return a dict of attachments and filter out of the formset .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   attachments

test:  replaces the new-style distance name .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  highlight   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score read spaced estimator .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine norm between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the bottom of the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return a config object .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get text display for the given default colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   color
truth:  add   syntax

test:  alternative masked score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  set the data for each session file with some parameters .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a datetime to int .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   launchd

test:  remove orphaned statuses .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for testing .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  null   preference

test:  given a user object .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  takes an entire phred quality and returns the first disconnects based on illumina and filter .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  replace any characters in a string with a single format by default it .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the angle of a positive integer and constant and constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   show
truth:  view   view

test:  is this a block device is available .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate to the specified master domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   return
truth:  save   null

test:  used to get a 2d query .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  get   a

test:  most collections of the user from being redirected on author .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  fetches   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  make sure that an object is json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  make   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  update a collection list .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   update
truth:  null   null

test:  relu implementation of second .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  rectified   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  clone a given mapreduce in an expression .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  clone   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when a particular document .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  null   target
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trims information about students vertices .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  trims   wrap
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all alarm events that have not been acknowledged .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() for a record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  get the default list as a list of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  guess a c{bytes} format based on specified source code .
truth: object factory . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  object   factory

test:  return a dict mapping data to their runner .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl group cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a list of all games matching year .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg function .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services managed by /opt/appscale .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of positional unused arguments .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return the shared folders for a given group .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces dictionary to an element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   decode
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import modules for a module subpackages in a standard module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  imports   module
truth:  test   test

test:  check if all available services path is the same name :type operation_model: true if the container does not exist .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   a

test:  use a certificate from a store store name the earth to remove .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  logging around eliot apps that pylint to be executed .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for progress .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process the given results for each results in s where no parameters are found .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  float64 --> .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function is to replace the characters with displayed in string to be escaped for html characters in string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  creates a web server .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  creates   script
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  parses   dict
truth:  resizes   null

test:  get one view for each row in x .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a given stream to reach the specified client stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  url decode a list of markdown data .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  dumps   sets
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculates the standard deviation for a given image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an model_class or sequence of objects whose functions are in the given orm .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace all instances that have been previously set in a single dirty .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a test .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate the items in the dict and keeps the collders field .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  dictionary   fixes
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add arma to stdout .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   benchmark
truth:  get   get

test:  return a relative path of a file .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all installed models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the full plugin names for the provided plugin in the given plugin in the directory path dictionary .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of articles to an articles in reverse order .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  update and return a discovery service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  returns the name from the table given name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  value   a
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry tasks specified by cls and return html .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz id for a musicbrainz release id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  disallow for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  print the interfaces names of a new one .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  print   replace
truth:  ask   user

test:  get the operating system info that can be used as a operating system .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all logging via loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   log
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for fasta fasta ids and quality labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  tests that we can load a few output .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  tests   routine
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping or classes .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   duplicate
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   tellstick
truth:  setup   setup

test:  see find_boundaries .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  see   encoder
truth:  null   handler

test:  resets the xmodule for the current scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  accumulated   notify
truth:  null   null

test:  load a fixture .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  load   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function used for inbound data into votes .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  project   fixes
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  decorator to add a new profiler to a single profiler .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  build   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  returns true if there are present on the services cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  fix   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the exception handler used on the backend .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  returns   custom
truth:  handles   a

test:  get the list of python extensions for an integer .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for the (these entries that yields features format .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   check
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set rules used for all of the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   set
truth:  set   set

test:  converts ascii-only byte strings to a byte string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  coerce   base64
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of table names from table by the specified api name .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  list   name
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a random integer that has to represent epoch .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a list of disjoint elements of a given list of disjoint elements .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove unnecessary characters from ruby the ruby function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert a series of precision .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on thesoftwareupdatemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect python source files for use within src layout .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   new
truth:  return   a

test:  delete ssh with a project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  given   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the freeze of a given document .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  function   email
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that we can still work correctly with str_choices .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a filter to be handled in a vcenter .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  generate   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return message with the specified fully connection .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  send   send

test:  replace search search paths .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get a given alarm .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get name for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric + fs_ + fs_ + fs_ + fs_ + fs_ + program[item_type] .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  output   iso
truth:  value   value

test:  checks for a blinker api recursively checks on the version .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  set the global redis strict and return all the status .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  output   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  align a value to the value of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  return a list of individuals which can be used multiple times .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests if the creation of a proxy quality forces forces .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches comparator .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  the assumed assumed .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new list of admin permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   log
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list all policies available for the given flag .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  import all plugins in the given interface .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  import   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  delete all filenames for a tunnel tunnel .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  delete   custom
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  user to select a deployment - used with the request offset available via utc .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   files
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope generates the trend report for a build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   launch
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command through a given filepath .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   interface
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the sum of samples .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  tests   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the token from a dict and return the parsed content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a userrpc to a custom stub for a google class .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stats   stats

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  encodes   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  a context manager for temporary disabling functionality .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  disables a nonstandard .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   path
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the compiled option from the first option of the given object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a point path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in celery 2 .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   units
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  search a search for an cameras shell payment .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  search   null
truth:  look   null

test:  determine whether we should be changed as serial value .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  name   func
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the prime vectors given a list of gamma vectors w vectors w vectors .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a string with all the texture and no whitespace removed .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a value to a numpy array .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a text to generate lines and infinite lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  text   bunch
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  handle process should be used .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  handle   index
truth:  run   run

test:  execute the html executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  cache a script to cache the data directory .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  if   null

test:  does there exist a monomial x such that xa = b? examples positive examples: in the following examples .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create the argument to generate arguments listed in the script .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  null   create
truth:  initializes   null

test:  make sure that permissions exist .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  make   new
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller - uses the experience interface - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments and return its output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  get   process
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of user .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements in each feature .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  gzip attempts to get a file-like object from a specified file .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  function   metadata
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory body from json .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  shut down the message called to prepare a file from device .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  plugin   days
truth:  error   error

test:  calculates compute loss for given predictor loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze is cleaned correctly .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  launch a process in the subprocess .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   sys
truth:  launch   a

test:  based on either a member cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get a list of dns associated with the given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple default_log_levels to two variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques of the given number of cliques objects .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the given magic is importable .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of the server servers .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find a file in the given file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the current mongodb policy object .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search output files in the given file object .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve the next item from the iterator by default .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  simulates   entry
truth:  replace   replace

test:  skirt a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  convert a string to full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  string   string

test:  inject all alternative information for the resource .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   content
truth:  null   inject

test:  populate a new user with the checkout api arguments: username: a new 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ api to the username data to the checkout api arguments: username: a new user .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all hosts on a specific host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  list flag files in a local eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  list   get
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a dict of resources required by rdfvalues .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control client from the given fixed_length .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes string body .
truth: produce status . 
test:  compressed   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test that mne mri .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   subjectselector
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  splits an absolute uri given the uri of uri populates the first represented by rfc 3986 .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  save   glob
truth:  return   scheme

test:  used for gammacorrect .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  used   loop
truth:  changes   changes

test:  potentially should give the plus plus data['address']b .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the version of a remote file .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   merge
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  floor helper function .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   square
truth:  quantize   a

test:  returns the size of the file type .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  constructs a given requests connection information to defaults human readable session .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  constructs   up
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  take the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  load   header
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' normalization with shared updates on dataset .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   arrays
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon by top .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   average
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of available columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the state of the dynamic storage device exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  import   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a unique tool for the named tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  builds the full path with the current request or parts of it .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  patch for the supplied image .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   test
truth:  patch   patch

test:  clears a form for all requests .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime object into a datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the original callback of x if one is in deprecated test runner .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  is   null

test:  check to make sure an upgrade is another distribution .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  to   gce
truth:  check   check

test:  returns list of functions .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  sets the stopped handler to one or more dns state .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  removes   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generate dates if called for the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  document called after the user .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  document   toggle
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  like   transform
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a function that will frequency to fit .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  apply the specified converter cli example: .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method is designed to headers in the provided header for the given url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns python tweets to any of the reply .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  remove   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode an encoded grayscale data into a base64 encoded image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  a pickleable for series .
truth: search series . 
test:  null   series
truth:  search   series

test:  generates points to infinite correlation coefficient .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  cycle   standard
truth:  starting   starting

test:  cache installed packages cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  server   runs
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  return source file name for the given python modules returns true if source was detected .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  source   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu -> color section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme of a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a simple form of backwards .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  run defined in step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  log   i
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator that ensures a fullscreen handler will be present .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all migrations for a migration .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  set up a query string in specified format .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  returns true if the first request for the given content type .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  modify the given markdown xml tree .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  detects   up
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a number to a hsv bits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  count   count

test:  set the status .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this returns a list of metadata nodes in metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  null   path
truth:  generate   a

test:  get all total paths that need to look up on the current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build parameters to the determine_repo_dir() refreshed .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  build   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  concatenate all blocks in an major list .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  concatenate   multiple
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  figure out access to a group in lsi .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  null   fixtures
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  creates a python data from a stream of subclass data .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  deserialize   read
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a python object .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  delete   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of entity .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a hadoop site configuration .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  if   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  compute a set of source in a db .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return source estimate between subjects .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes all process .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  create   series
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  make sure that the ironic app is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  like   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  set up the dovado platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that translates a function into a string .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the information for grep to run in a specified path cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  draw   return
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns only list-like value with length and chars .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc length .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip the list of modules under configuration .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert all links into dest .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  transform an address into a bad address space .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove duplicate style .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  return an iterator over the elements .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  returns array of v2 v2 in article? .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert image array to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  exponential moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   exponential
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the start and z or at the given start .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   name
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a simplified tasks .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the log message .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage api .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  this function is deprecated outside a deprecation warning .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  function   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam out a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon deployed can be able to be printed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  the reverse of exact direct_abstract_declarator types with its "if types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  registers specifying doc .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  registers   obj
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one dataset po file po files .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get symmetrix segment lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check for taking request .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  function   read
truth:  if   null

test:  this is a valid ip address for use by the local virtual machine .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   set
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate the rank of n by 1 .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  rank   rank
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function parses the xml input and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that the moonish graph calls a moonish with errors .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   repeat
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts headers from the current working directory .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of versions and returns a sorted list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return whether the given server is every other .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a cms page from the cms page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the cached .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize unresolved assignment information from revision .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  evaluates   request
truth:  build   build

test:  return end of python command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  flat a flat with labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  connected   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a point to a point with the specified nan .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  converts   hessian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns type of globals .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  if   returns

test:  load the windows closing file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  load   retry
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the time naive .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  time   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  returns true if the mpls object is a mpls field .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test for service name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  check that non logic gives the correct error .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  check   mocks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy operation on a model instance if a model instance .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  validate a connection against a list of l1 .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns command .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  command   index
truth:  test   test

test:  .
truth: prints a . 
test:  output   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  get a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kills   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator for image of an image density is the same as the image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  internal routine to join a table and play it as keys .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  update commands for a flocker distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to get a desired file type for certain package name .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  to   name
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a path if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect hook for unix instantiate .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  hook   log
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pdf source file for the process from the pid .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  return the entire content of a filename .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  return   read
truth:  reading   reading

test:  generate a test to skip a database doesnt support parameters .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  internal routine to load domain info in password .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   credentials

test:  return none .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  tests   context
truth:  return   return

test:  test filter .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   configure
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sometimes you get an unicode string based on charset and url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  create directory for storing to ~# directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  does a list of steps representing step ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  does   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the given release .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for cli args .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  add a group to sender .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  add   function
truth:  null   part

test:  return a string with random doubles order .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test case .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   type

test:  is this a bit request .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  text   return
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  wrapper around oslos .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted points of mne roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  projects   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response string into a response .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install and installs the application in the given package .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  find   find

test:  notify for escaping files .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  notify   contextmanager
truth:  print   print

test:  update model .
truth: clear document . 
test:  default   merge
truth:  document   document

test:  load the sample images from the [low module .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary representation of the target tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of deprecated checks whether v is enabled .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  warn   null

test:  get a base url for a url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the maximum version of a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  set   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  format the formatted number of non-shared formatting using a specified number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  format   a

test:  translate an error implementation to a relative version .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  translate   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  automatically see np .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  =   =

test:  computes sturm sturm[ for a rational polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove xml data from data string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  remove   keyword
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add one reg to new events and salt event on the reg module .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  xml   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure out of the specified image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  return the key name for the given site .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  set some response objects across all http responses .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   class
truth:  set   set

test:  add a servicegroup attributes to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to run jinja autoescape operations with the jinja project .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns a wsgi application that use wsgi environment .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  get the current ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  plots a sequence of :class: .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test multi-taper bar .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  creates a single ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  do   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of changed files listed in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve any properties .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes a list of the value in the added variable .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  computes   parameter
truth:  determine   null

test:  test decorator that skips a backend test case of this class .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  test   run
truth:  use   use

test:  -1 if cmd is not a site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  copies out each item in rvshape by the ignored form .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a control file to use for apns kernel .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return an uninterpolated path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete the cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base name of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  formats   name
truth:  name   name

test:  prints and returns categorical action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test loading mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  accepts   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bottom copy .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for normal_ordered_form: loop through operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   function
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a string from a list of dictionaries .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  construct   file
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator from api on instance methods .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generic function to kill any web times .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  null   power
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  given a class name to it can be automatically reading func from a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a tuple of the data items in the source does not exist .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  this function uses the ability to search .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  change   null
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  print the provided error message to a list of errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  string   translate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send the given log file to qutebrowser .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes an index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   null

test:  use this dropping by the xmodule package to generate a default entry at the xmodule stream .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  return images with the images in the same request .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  function to copy the cache key for exists in the agents .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  to   handles
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arcsin function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  compute   page
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  define inception v3 scope for weight .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  int   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  this method will setup curve auth with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  null   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpack percentile constraints to percentile vector .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpack   replacement
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  this function is called to return a string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  function   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' property for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return an attribute for all attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   format

test:  handle a given integer .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and angle between a line through a line through angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch file is running on pid of pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can still be parsed back to its original form for both single and force season folders to determine if the folders to its original form
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out kwargs from a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  re-quote the argument for shell usage .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import the package version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  fetches   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set last users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a directory named "path" exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  it should correctly defined in the demo project .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 is valid on 2013-10-04: url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate the samples matlab algorithm .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the current model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  gets authentication backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate specified plugin methods to make a loop on a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap some paragraphs to match a block of text .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to the new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list with the data on the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  add test suite by test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns the two strings of the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find its equivalent to its committed to its committed .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair of the minimum with each component the respective components of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the current user is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   path
truth:  if   null

test:  add paths to y .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   crud

test:  used instead of _ when creating translationproxies .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the contents of a given user to download a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  by static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   read
truth:  content   content

test:  write request metadata declared in the chain .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  writes text into file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  text   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  find the decoded string .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return preferred_site_language_code url for http requests .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  get the elastic tab type in the current stack .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  get   return
truth:  throws   null

test:  return a string representation of the deployment or a password .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the currently configured interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a temporary file .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print text on python script .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  text   watch
truth:  print   print

test:  apache configuration to secret .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generates   reload
truth:  update   a

test:  this view renders a version .
truth: error view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the word for compatibility with the specified word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load the given sequence of dependencies from the 'jquery' .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  load   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale image based on a gaussian gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests wsgi unit tests that the given unit is accept .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   unit
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log messages from a context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper for mapreduce in mapreduce .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   a
truth:  map   map

test:  extract single certificate from a given certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  loads   routine
truth:  extract   info

test:  make sure that astropys works with numpy __new__ does not the correct prototype the time .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   time
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the list to the owner and populate the mnist file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the review board request id for review request id .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the disk to disk .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  calculate   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse <song> -- gets suggested data from google cloud storage .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  text   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  return an iterable .
truth: print with color . 
test:  return   call
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator to return a python mock where we were automatically available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the xml element of an element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  return   tornado
truth:  removes   null

test:  test shortcut .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  find   method
truth:  test   test

test:  load a list of html documents .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   a
truth:  prepare   null

test:  replace a single data set and the powershell one .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted ip address to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  get updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  converts a string to an integer .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  escape   escape

test:  when the widget widget is blocking .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  sets   checking
truth:  link   a

test:  perform sobel threshold fill using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  execute an templates on the minion .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  dont call data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  output   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  helper function for the xml response that returns an httpresponse .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate through the model .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the pids value of the pattern that can be used by the os .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  null   a
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute approximate .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   size
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the query results for given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if its not recommended .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  provided   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that installing an inverse of a position when inverse arent visible .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns the python object corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an error thrown when the list of clauses is added to the right one .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  return   test
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response indicating a server error message .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns rank as a 2-d array .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  compressed   normalizes
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  allocate an thread-local implementation in the thread-local range .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  return an tool shed url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handle the keystone slash .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  handle   execution
truth:  returns   a

test:  return list of packages from package tweets .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  return   in
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint checkpoint string .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to protect a view by the view: .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  builds a list of elements of the given series .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  call this function in a file to get the first result from a file using the stanza command .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  call   file
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten inputs for a article value in inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an example to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   function
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parses a user to parse its data against a specified resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  parses   method
truth:  validate   a

test:  return s3 key for given bucket name .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative norm of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  regex through docfield .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a calendar .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  convert   gcd
truth:  produces   a

test:  confirm that the pygerduty function is called in the mysql function to make sure that the data store .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   api

test:  compute id of a square matrix multiplication .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   columns
truth:  rank   rank

test:  replace html characters with the argument passed in .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of nanoseconds format into a month .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  text -> lines match the lines of text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  null   use
truth:  given   indent

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences from seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is same length no sequence no query is closest sequence from seq_possibilities .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  renders the default home page .
truth: home page . 
test:  default   print
truth:  null   page

test:  test validationshufflesplit .
truth: user can login . 
test:  test   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   sleep
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to type .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  perform   custom
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the default group of the current process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to l2 .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   update
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event to an event .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  send   send
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  the default reload of companies .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  default   functions
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache decorator to cache function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  updates the throughput of the given global index .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the requested bank sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the alternative alternative sets of various part of the dataset .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a save .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return an instance if it can accept interpreter .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   action
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  print out the '%s%s bits children in '%s%s .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  print   polynomials
truth:  null   helper

test:  get encoding used for given file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  encoding   shortcut
truth:  file   file

test:  wrap value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove user and group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable the stream with name stream_name and number of metrics .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  header   header
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  sends   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  update a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary of the given axes .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   calculate
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the list of fields from a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  get path for user storage environment variable .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of tuple of user_input bits that are log test .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  build a list of all modules that are in a mysql .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  build   module
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  run current files with the specified grok .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  run   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  notify host about host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  host   host
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   variables
truth:  clear   null

test:  this reference: a hostname by runserver_socketio on the given server .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a dictionary of the elements in the current list .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  takes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return a string matching the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get template flags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  for use with lowercase .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  content   strips
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap text with this machine instance .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  decode   count
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the version of async requests .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the two strings of the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  safely update the last notification application .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  like   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  draw the edgecolors[color .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   assert
truth:  color   channels

test:  import all python modules into the given class or push .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  see if datastore is a datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  determine   null

test:  is this a router that will take a router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  is   check
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  get a list of recently pairs for testing curve .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a debug around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns emails with mailchimp chunks from mailchimp name .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   segments

test:  activity controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  callback to return notification for a batch .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  null   logo
truth:  return   a

test:  load a path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  we generate d_years ids that places the npm tabs .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes the case of the nonemembers .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a sequence to the export of the given seq .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   cgconfig
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type from an volume .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that repository/image can be passed in *icrs* to reacts .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  test   gcrs<->cirs
truth:  check   check

test:  send ? to see table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  serializes both strings and callable .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  escape a string with any non-empty characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  convert obj into an object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a line in an iterable and returns true if data is a line in first .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  create   check
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get all the user input .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return stats of status .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  return   test
truth:  request   worker

test:  check the arguments for an attribute .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  check   function
truth:  create   create

test:  convert an image or pil image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a new client via the hdfs config has been set to initialize the client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  skeleton skeleton html folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the type of the specified type for x .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a list of html .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a native file from the console .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type name for the key types .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a __namespace__ key from a datastore .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  creates   upload
truth:  convert   a

test:  prepare the one dataset generates a recurrent iterator for one dataset .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  prepare   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the edges of a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the will still float on the display should not use your new values .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  fixes   replacement
truth:  following   following

test:  implement match .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  request   merge
truth:  null   null

test:  adds reserved state to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  update   update

test:  return the example: example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if user is complete and is not .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  if   method
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the source code .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  estimate   transform
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from a root file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  loop through the given loop and their ios files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  loop   return
truth:  null   null

test:  this method takes a valid timestamp as parameter and returns a valid significance of the given dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   versions

test:  open a *ctx* file .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  open   open
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a keys keys to the defined key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the due timestamp of the current time .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of images for imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  creates   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  in corpus of [2] .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   ribes
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return bash command execution using process .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return mixing matrix for numeric attributes .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  does   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the openssl certificates in a certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a rabbitmq node details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  start   start

test:  checks whether file is sets sets in expected .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find images by name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  wrap request .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag that will be ][len from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone name is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot a figure with an image .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a fact that is an atom of atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  join   null
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if an upstart service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   check
truth:  to   check

test:  simple wrapper that instantiates a string to a random string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns full path to the full path .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  performs the weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  check   a
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric dispatcher for the denominator in the denominator - parametric .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create unix windows paths from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the user string .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  takes   url
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  apply a function to a sequence of requirement if a page is composed of internet things .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  model   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if we are using invalid version .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return the 'pkg-info' specified by the system .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  to   check
truth:  get   get

test:  loads ctypes library .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests that the suggestion is changed correctly handles the suggestion as changed .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear and return a single image with the same length as the new numpy array with random variables .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save the model to the db .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  sets information about fund tld by the requested domain .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  handles data onto the server .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  handles   parse
truth:  get   cluster

test:  returns the single version of bower rounding by running bower cli example: .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  add   new
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   list
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  arrs the arrays and a set of arrays to boolean array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  determine   piecewise
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  hashing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  main method .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale the vector3 and delete the matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print information about the printfor of this plugin .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the shape of the x double channels for the shape of the sparse matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get the submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract list of hostnames that are present in a list of hosts .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if f is closed in a given sequence .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all facter facts from fact cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  output   facter
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a domain vat number to its "packed" character .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download error message to the requests page .
truth: download a file . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume group and take the status .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  take   a

test:  evaluate the evaluators evaluators as string .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap an array to wrap a 1d ufunc .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  verify   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  adds x and returns the result of sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test some fixed chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  iterate   up
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return ctypes input to convert space to a tensor of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compare inverse of a mapping computation .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  compare   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a collection of edges .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  test that "checkerboard" is not implemented via deprecation .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   output
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl list .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the first dimension of n .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates a back reference to the given keyword arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   create
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert the given width to remains a python int .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to return a list of ou records .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   find
truth:  get   get

test:  long line candle .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  determine basic device properties from extra_context .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  get the status of stdout .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  loads a json file and returns a single output .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  behave   behave

test:  get the backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  get   point
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a cyclic list of lists of g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the contents of all pagination .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   changes
truth:  kill   kill

test:  loads the module from app to reload in installed_apps .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   reload
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restore names that are compatible with multiple values .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   callback
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a new block client by the hadoop flag .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive chunks from a list of successive l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  list   list

test:  a synonym for the path .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  lay   null

test:  main function for identical terms of a list of terms that are not a string in the first terms of each rule .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate transformation between two locationglobal and .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  return   bearing

test:  query nameservers and show the json data .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  query   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  unicode   base64
truth:  encode   in

test:  add a url to the db .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a termgraph process .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  implements   gcode
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert list of unicode data or unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function for the provided field names from the provided field object .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for running escaped xml character with slashes cli example: .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  just returns the default state when the better is properly updated on windows .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return the default dictionary for a given job id .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  return   limit
truth:  make   null

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  convert   iterator
truth:  null   element

test:  repeat the values of a python value .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator that allows a class to track the track specific class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  initializes   helper
truth:  wraps   a

test:  compute the sample of samples that are not theano .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  sampling   samples
truth:  given   current

test:  get the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will get the user under a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only run this module if its set .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  calling   up
truth:  check   check

test:  update a receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  write   null
truth:  reissues   null

test:  raises an exception if the name is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  raises   null

test:  look through the directory and return the appropriate hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  cache   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  sends data to file in path .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  notify   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for a viewset .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the total controller - used by the given csv .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  manage   controller
truth:  to   controller

test:  used by the top-lebel class to return a widget .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the path .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the lhs should be a lhs type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  return   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the specified write the database to xml .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   set
truth:  writes   null

test:  list the file_like modules cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   show

test:  dump message to stdout .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  dump   query
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  constructs and executes requests arguments marked .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  constructs   api
truth:  send   send

test:  read a test file from the system starting with the complete maximum .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a configuration jwt to use for the api with the api profile profile api using the api call to first api .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a file in to a file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  open   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get and check for the specified group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  generate relative data from a file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   scan
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: a "agg" - "raw" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  declare   string
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the slc color to a docker device .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  calls   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the path to a .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize the wrapped function call another module .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  statsd   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  convert a unicode object to utf-8 encoder .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  like   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  ordlist(s) -> string return the corresponding ascii variable name .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a html if the same if the containing example:: has u'admin/includes/quick if the same window has any login/viewfinder has u'admin/includes/quick .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  basic decoding .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  consume   messages

test:  uses findtexmf to find the instructions required for the project .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  uses   decorate
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename seems to be a test directory .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to format our various gl * .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   header
truth:  draw   null

test:  flag decorator for api methods and methods on the response object and perform the api .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  helper to get line number from ssl or dict .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if multiple software version is not a list of [x]html .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  classify   version
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   a

test:  restore printing the module .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   transform
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given c arguments that returns a pointer to an ogr spatial reference system .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   functions
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the lowering chain of all tuples of a set of preg objects .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  test if two 2-dimensional arrays are equal .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  runs python 2 .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  works   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all ansi color codes from between source and no threading .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  runs   multiple
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g has bcc[ .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the generated path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements file and return a generator .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  parse   alternative
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all secrets character with union select .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints the comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   assets
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if the nucleotide attribute should be handled on a managed object .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack all data .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  pack   manager
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update the database to help .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  null   return
truth:  include   include

test:  does this return length of strings .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  name   translate
truth:  error   error

test:  find the best matches the given user_ids .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   set
truth:  select   null

test:  convert value to utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  calls salt module "probes" .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  configured   null

test:  transform polar cache file into supplied dictionary .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a single server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   command
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortexpression to a searchparams proto proto buff .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  helper function .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a *merge to a 1d color .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  transform   convert
truth:  context   manager

test:  sequence and derivatives .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the optimizer is running .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return infile only from workers .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  return   store
truth:  stripping   null

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but supports the object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  like   pprint
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   generator
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test is test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  for classes that modify the first argument to the given response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   link
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the browser value of the given output .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   parse
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image for the given image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two theano scalars together and returns the result .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads temporary class of dataset in temporary file .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that the new messages generic boilerplate are created .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  imports an module and returns the attribute/class designated by a dotted path with a string .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   django

test:  set mail over a datastore .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  initialise   null
truth:  to   null

test:  sort a list of order instances based on the "locales" spec .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a bluetooth .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a single filepath in a given filepath .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  draw   matching
truth:  determine   null

test:  rotate a 1-d degree path .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  order   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a random graph sequence on result[c] .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract 64bit listing from a dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  extract   integer
truth:  takes   a

test:  performs a query .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  performs   query
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the registry .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  records   data
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test case .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   test
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns a dummy coach that can be used to test django 1 .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the contents of the lxc command to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  adds any page to the existence of user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the specified file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a ['false' .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representing the xml representation of an installed string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a unique egg for a resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the storage cost by applying a weighted penalty to the specified layer of layers .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates variable and returns it .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get last window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the sensor platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses the string or returns a dictionary .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  remove an archive to the url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if the object is found in an object or object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get data to accept an projects ndarray .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  prints the fill plugin party for 100*log10(c) .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  list   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some sentiment of iterators .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  start a batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  start   a
truth:  add   a

test:  creates any timings and returns a list of timings .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  creates   text
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a dict of parameters that can be a list of dicts .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  return   parsing
truth:  split   split

test:  run the given function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  function   return
truth:  func   func

test:  replaces all references of entities to each version of the given kb .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  replaces   gcode
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes the gaussian check that the matrix of inputs and y .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  change initialized environment variables to be used for close .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  change   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the histogram of the interval ebs is the portfetch matrix of k .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  to   location
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the permutation of a matrix .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a string in reserved reserved objects .
truth: for example . 
test:  scale   parameters
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get a version string indicating a version tuple that the given version should be displayed in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute setallowedmodule to point of the positive base points of x .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  capitalize   gaussian
truth:  note   note

test:  converts an selinux string to a underscore underscore names .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing a list of pip requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  entirely the stdout on raise an exception .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   collector
truth:  list   list

test:  decodes a root_id rfc1918 gb gb data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  divide   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  return an interface type that is marked as an interface name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete an elasticache replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature nodes .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid function .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the string to the file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   a

test:  copy data to a copy of the data array or an gl variable .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  move   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  get patches from multiple fields to a schema .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  object   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   null
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel the given function .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  reset   function
truth:  null   null

test:  add the tool dedicated plugin label .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable monitoring' stream .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  attach   return
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates p to truncate the old length based routers length .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   fastq
truth:  null   helper

test:  a contextmanager that can be used on attr' .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   migrations
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that dependency dependencies are not installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  same as being shared variable .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   clients
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a tunnel .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   top
truth:  create   create

test:  return node object to the given node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides ofs used for a given path on an storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload the python module to the device in this version file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a collection of completed ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add current views to a special request .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  given   set
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* filters filters .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  open a file to a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all *obj* or a release object .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a new disk .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  parent parent parent .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  return   history
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup leaf file and setup for text .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  yield   path

test:  ensures that no the named test subclass subclass contained in json .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the id of the resource document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  fix   service

test:  get the view view of a view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  get   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset the cuda subsystem for a given kb .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  query   query

test:  return the file of the interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  check if a number is proposed proposed proposed .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  the buffer for the root logging buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logs   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix sine transform .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  text   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  send data to a list of strings return a list of strings representing the state specified by binary .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  to   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  get a set of dhcp values to parse in an ini header values .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pass   in
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signature using hashed message a given hashed .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire restype frame .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  get the task description of the given task description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  get   formats
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   null

test:  replace mne .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  file   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad vpc options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a parents signature .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  default special functions for temporary effects .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  override   watch
truth:  package   package

test:  create a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders the template based on a template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   load
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset for bigquery and bigquery a test .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by recurrence see usage examples .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of validated names cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  like   get
truth:  get   get

test:  commit out the search view .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  null   users
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a file-like object .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  verify that the data logs in the scenario logs are marked as well as the new one .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc res .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  computes   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the indentation of object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   depth
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage of a debugging period for completed purposes .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return greyscale local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily stderr a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the info of the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return a test to auto existing project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  to   param
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the last time and creates a new event time .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return log file descriptor to use for logging .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a client-side object for the request .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the normalizationnotimplemented' metric of two nodes in g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  generate a bootstrap message trims .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  combine a previously registered connection groups to specified instance .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   create

test:  imports the directory on path converter where file is installed .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locate   a

test:  mean values of parity contained in the black list of parity values .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  cache   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return tags for a vpc resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  gets a message with a user account .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   file
truth:  create   a

test:  see if the current request headers .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop with x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  using the full log file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  using   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture to read a single topicsread id and read the data .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a test sources file .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  start a remote connection to be available .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  enables   profiling
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function to catch exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  function   text
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci device by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reads the given aws code into an isnulled datastore .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  executes   read
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns whether the request should be used to send to the admin process .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  return   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  imports a dotted-path import of a dotted-path module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  for each tarball of the data using the zacharys model .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get the action object an existing trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get movie player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' handles suffix .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   a
truth:  step   step

test:  send function to multiple messages .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog --> /path .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that linear coil_trans is introduced linear compared linear vector parameters x: positional for use with the given interval .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   parsing
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  computes md5 hash of specified text cli example: .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  create   create

test:  take a string and test an integer and return the parameters .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  formats a mappings position specification .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  formats   unit
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  remove the path separator for web drive .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorate a function or method as replication if replication .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  run a test on a expected url .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  run   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a random integer so that they can be automatically p with the chain p .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   use

test:  parses the status of aa management instances and merge an existing one management job information .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  process   encodes
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  returns summary of thread driver config .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  settings   get
truth:  import   a

test:  output the default string .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  output   access
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  build a index dictionary to use for null-ness .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  build   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return a panel that is needed to copy when the function is called .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   column

test:  transform a string into all lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a number of basehandler to cartesian .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively list all files matching files from a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  files   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction with mask and mask out .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  flatten the last .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  check to see if the given node is from an nodes .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  to   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  this function is the place of nan to use with nan in likelihood based on its input mod representation .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  determines if a task is a callable .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   check
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  first dictionary of eliot instances .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  gets the map of a map for the given user .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check for refresh data .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   in
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program context by looking at the end of the given package .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  fuzzy version of pseq .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  this reads the variable string from the given image .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  clears   data
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   home
truth:  adds   null

test:  fetches a new response at the given httpconnection .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  try to convert value to integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits until a l{message} is true .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  if   return
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove the partial code that a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  remove   matching
truth:  context   context

test:  import and import a python module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  checks that value is a categorical column for categorical storage .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a new interval to for a callable to call its diff timeout based on the next .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   start
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  echo storage .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  rows   control
truth:  null   information

test:  returns the text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  text   html
truth:  noop   noop

test:  get the default group of the current process components .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list status of service split service split .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   set
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired logging given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the files from the specified command to create an abbreviated file .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  remove   confidence
truth:  uses   rar

test:  checks if an entry is the first entry point .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  merge two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  load the plugins specified by plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has length l1 and the leading coefficient .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  verify the code for a given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a helper which is used to make this pillar available .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   change
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if this country is a possible country calling code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as a 0 offset .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  build a url if github paths is relative to github .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  build   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  given to strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the points in the loop with the least two numbers .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the coefficient of a sample data along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test svg interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sample
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dictionary for all items in all 3 names .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   glob
truth:  if   null

test:  get an event from media descriptor object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from a specific user .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application in the calibration_curve .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  close all logging from a given source .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  email   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the character value and the split line from the character string .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete large components of input bound to delete minion .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  source   median
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that value is true .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given user .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   requires
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  run   everything
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a new refs file .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that the logging file exists and that the file is called after the file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test expr in mixed str/repr form .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and return a string representing the default values .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  elemwise{sub} -> alloc .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of kinds nodes in rendering .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   user
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the pidlockfile scenario for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  returns list of tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a certain color to a human readable string .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   check
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  turn a list of existing variables into one big integer .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  turn   set
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if file exists in package .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable the paging on the device cli example: .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  disable   null

test:  set the languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   a

test:  handles an accounts metadata .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  account   account

test:  test to make sure that spatialbatchnormalization returns and properly .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  draw   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  imports an object by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  imports   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: turning .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep for the specified crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   run
truth:  do   null

test:  load all collectors associated with a given module and resources .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all subscription of a node and __init__ .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  depreciate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a windows path to its associated with the file .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group page .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  null   user
truth:  add   add

test:  minimum of array elements over a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a network interface from the port .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  given   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  function   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  returns an colour string with the given colour name .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  format a double windows using a double strange field .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  format   parses
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets existing entry at predicted level .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  return   index
truth:  null   null

test:  create a group of groups .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders the output of an existing node for command .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns true if python-neutronclient is valid .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable console output and warning .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  install   messages
truth:  enable   console

test:  retrieve a json object from a url .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns a password for pem data .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  function   image
truth:  null   a

test:  execute pillar against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   custom
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to parse the unicode string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns people following user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   relationship

test:  the onionshare helper function to check a list of changing the weight to stop .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   a

test:  internal routine to join a left and play it as one .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters to support certbot layer .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  used   a
truth:  default   default

test:  get the localizable .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  get   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test for issue vertex array from modified distance between phonetic array .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore ignore .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   fix
truth:  if   check

test:  runs a command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  return   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  main function for the ringing commandline .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  tear   display
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses all ansi from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  project image rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   setuptools
truth:  project   image

test:  returns a string representing the minion .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install and return twisted if twisted is installed .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  create a new server instance that does not exclude with ssl .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do a different bug .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if we need to be a version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  provides the unix type of a sound object for inclusion when storing is given .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  merge topo data from a background image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plotting
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a thumbnail alias with a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  selects   source
truth:  return   return

test:  fixes the norm of an instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  encode   normalizes
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the target .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  this function is for assembly a list of possible into negative .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the list of tags to data passed into one tag .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  diags the angle operator .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  indicate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mapping: geometry .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert datetime object to json string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host resets if host is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle a nonnegative state .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  square   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  write the unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  remove white formats from the lhs .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  normalize unicode column to byte string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if and only if nodes is an active number in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to set the class specified by a string like foo .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return the first item in s .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper to get a numpy array of jitter over xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  given a data matrix with no factors .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  given   decoder
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns an html string with any key that can be sent to the given community .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if approximate asn1_utf8string is marked as many .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  evaluate   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  wrapper for checking each color in a color .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the latest review provider .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   up
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a time string into an absolute time object .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  given an http get matched image and a given url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  given   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  mock helper for the http requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a virtual interface from the table filtering on fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   stream
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the validation preference for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use djangos response to return response .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  list all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   parameter_list
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  handles users standard status message .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  calls   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  returns   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  parses a url into utility string .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  parses   url
truth:  compare   compare

test:  prints loss .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  save the id for a speaker field to being created .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  save   query
truth:  creates   session

test:  returns a tuple of normalized indices .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  default   subset
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a list of for a key .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns lines of a fallback entry .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to support module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  function   find
truth:  determine   null

test:  a wrapper around tnetstring .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   function
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of all users currently installed on the system .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an object with a list of objects for a given object whose values have symmetric type and turns them in a context variable .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a tag and return it .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   encoder

test:  an example of filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  log unix baseline .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   log

test:  verify that x is always returning tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  verify   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction with zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  return information about the key .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression power expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   expression

test:  import a public key with rsa v1 .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 encoding .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  encoding   test
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  load the list of static files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  save   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests file and render file name .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the specified container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  determines if a file is given to show sub .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns info about the locale documents .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as non-shiny .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  totodiles   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a slashes configuration variables generated by partition value cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - / .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  encode the job for a job .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a p-value for the "finish sparse matrix of weighted triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get data from *url* whose keys are represented in dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  restores   null

test:  handles an active window of a window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  handles   get
truth:  get   get

test:  removes the test inputs for the given shell .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  removes   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  test that astropys ecliptic systems give different barycentric transforms to check that the only one transform for use only ecliptic things .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   checks

test:  parse the value of the amp header and return a tuple with the given pattern .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the full threshold svd .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to create a simple variable initialized with a interval .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get path to zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert files in the specified schema .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   build
truth:  read   a

test:  strips and relative version of invalid characters .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  given a method and decorator .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  like   djangos
truth:  if   null

test:  see :class:downloadpackagesfromrepository .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  see   warning
truth:  make   null

test:  adds a list of models for a given model label using the given model label .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update the public key to use: .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  fix   attempts
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to all the mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   send
truth:  send   send

test:  a replacement for mintracklength nodes or multiindex using the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  grab the salt cloud salt config values .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  return   return

test:  search for the filename .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  select   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the integer name .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the userwithnopermissions' user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  returns current rss rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  name   display
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test review suggestion with a system .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   values
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new dictionary of fields to add a class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if network address is eui64 by the given network .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  partition a list of disk by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  validate that value is a argparse integer or integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  find a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused entry and an original string .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface ip address assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a html string indicating whether or not to device .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   url
truth:  block   block

test:  return the maskscore score of the weights over the model .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support support support support support .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a customized account buffer to be created for gce buffer .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  place   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return the current statistics of the system as a namedtuple including the following fields .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  place the current figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  place   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  list task status .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  checks if a url should be an host url => url has to the url of the url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns bridges interfaces along with enslaved physical interfaces .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that distances can check that the right distance to make sure that distances work on right is less than equal .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if given a socket with given arguments cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  wrap each argument to portion of the file in f .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the possible input type based on each format of requested format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  null   a

test:  returns system time left and port of a directory .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  remove a fc connection from a volume .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield a new temporary file and create a temporary based on the given file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  returns the python module if not already in a original module as not .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  like   like

test:  set up the openid response for a given location and return its children .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  view   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test fit ratio with random ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a service .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return new crypto backend for 32 modules .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  monkey-patch column to sum of --editable columns to column .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  scale   read
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer magic entries in the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  null   read
truth:  if   check

test:  test for a package .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  deletes text into a user object .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the text of an html .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an entry of block mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take a string of n complement complement and return a copy of the string s .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  take   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns the snippet of a sequence .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the normalized version of the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  print command minus commands .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  tuple   command
truth:  help   help

test:  function and decorate a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  function   wsgi
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a windows loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  repack options to match the kivy options and y : datetime object for the command line .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  consume an user out of a user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  input   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  applies a diff with the given image type .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  forget   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the code that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  change the possible sanity check for nogammacorrect .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a standard identity form .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  helper function to get model from model paramaters based on the screen .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets current boot command and returns the appropriate boot command .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   current

test:  generator that yields iterator x as an iterable .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the name of a file in the given path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the control configuration dictionary .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  check   check

test:  get a filter list of cpu links for a volume .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  load   return
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  try to guess the last type of system contents .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to create a backslash gpu bar .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups for a group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  put   put

test:  build an assets javascript string representation of public web server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   seconds
truth:  built   remove

test:  for geos routines that return lbracket functions .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the current hub platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check to make sure each url is saved .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   loop
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if *obj* is a tuple .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task by id .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  extract   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test validation data is validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return default list of default base base base variables .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an floating css file to a single css pattern .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  accepts   handles
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single page .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  start   watch
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns the python files to load plugins .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the current stack .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  null   function
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a new rpc object for use in configuring .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  perform config for the given type .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  config   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  show all log token made from wrapped .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key key for the calling defineflags() .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test for issue trades .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  estimate   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  try to guess the specified metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   output
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get zip key from the requirement: of an entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  make   fastcommentedheader
truth:  test   test

test:  computes discrete portion of fixed length length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  calculates   model
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this function adds the specified openid template to the given trust .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   display
truth:  render   a

test:  load a file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  load   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a human readable frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   calculate
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock on the system .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  manage list of arguments for the project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  list   query
truth:  project   management

test:  return data to the directory that is stored in .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter methods by recreate the api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  records   null
truth:  list   list

test:  synchronous sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  get the message storage parameters from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  get   settings
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dictionaries and returns a new dictionary where second_dict values are array and merge request names .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  set available ip address list for the provided server list .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify class on an existing class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  failed   null

test:  create and initialize the subtasks type json .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return an instance of the redis queue .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support users .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path of the current request .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  format the column to an instance of every clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  preprocess   find
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url to the wiki url in the given wiki .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  see   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a sax table to a binary table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   log10

test:  return the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad range of value .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  used by erf/erfc opt to gpu unique elements from test_files .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  used   null
truth:  join   join

test:  produce a wheel to pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  produce   url
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  list all pending 'mem' information about the named vm .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  for a control extension .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  step   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is just a splitting spec .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  function   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  wrap a user with a flask page .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   execution
truth:  null   decorator

test:  do not display with it .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  do   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all coverage files under a directory .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  run   set
truth:  return   return

test:  call this with a request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  is a file a python argument .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may pass this if the authentication and assign a sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the parameters for the first viewer header to match a new viewer button .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  given   product
truth:  show   show

test:  compute the area of a single channel from a given coordinates .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the free to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  helper for sorting .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  inputs   sqrt
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int date iso 8601 dates based on current year .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   parameters

test:  computes the metric class .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  setting   metric
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary key of the current model .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  shared interface for a single vm data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing from a package with pip dist-info' .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return a dictionary of fieldname -> globals .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two continuous norm .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   change
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volume types belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two columns of x .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the fresh .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the skimage dictionaries from a list of derivatives .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  run   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if there is no longer than the current request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility to format all of the provided key values from an object .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended secant .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target is set in the list of etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  test   test

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is a crappy function with the wrapped keyword arguments .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  create and return the timestamp of a timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator useful to ensure a method will be automatically change .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time representation of a ms stocenv: envelope .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  approximate   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a sequence of html <= html characters as html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  install any available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred tempest .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a filter or filter or filter names .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  change the ssh server modules .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies notification event for use in a response .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  override   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   index
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  function   set
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a pandas destroys path into the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   sys
truth:  insert   insert

test:  zero problem contains a csv for a course in download .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  gets   students
truth:  null   a

test:  try to reverse the reversed url for a service .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object use for a specific object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital sensor droplet sensors .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition token data from a dask dataframe parameters token : bool .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   values
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load and pickle the path from file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the prefix for an object .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  get   template
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  return true if a string matches the given number or equal to a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send some sms support .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  this returns a graph that results of adding basic units when graphs is a directed .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for the same shape of a and fill .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for marking a function index ubuntu decorator .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  renders   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  filtered version of string or string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  function   current
truth:  function   function

test:  process a rule in rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   loop
truth:  walk   null

test:  extracts line requires line navigation .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return whether current packed packed is in authorization we represent this process .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  given a dictionary of properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  find the name that the user is running .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  fetch the specified bank key stored .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder for the site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the gallery example example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a one of the one or more given virtual machine .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a persisting .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries exist .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  verify whether given intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to requesting engine using initialized with settings .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   run
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return the level level instances .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  allow   use
truth:  convert   level

test:  reduce the memmap between backing and the secrets of a frechet matrix .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  post   return
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays the initial html into a particular file .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  compute dot product of a vector x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  compute   cross
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the file that has already been given .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot a figure with coords in each image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plots   corners

test:  formats the file size like a human readable format .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the history to show the header to show the response .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   s
truth:  append   append

test:  returns the common outgoing flag for a given outgoing .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  create synthetic statement with corners and delete delete data .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  return   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  converts a successful response to an oauth2 json object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the given angle where typestr rows in v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the demo hub light platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder execute a finder command .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies the type of information and a generator that produces the appropriate state for each partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  -   generator
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users usernames corresponding to the given user_id .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   cycle
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform object data into a virtual schema .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  object   http
truth:  is   result

test:  read the platform pid in bytes from trying to access pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all tokens in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  pair   pair

test:  test if the degree function is work .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   precision
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  takes a string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  build a configuration dict from a dict .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  build   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  import the frame for the current module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   helper
truth:  import   import

test:  takes a binary sequence and returns the corresponding to a sequence of eg positions of a sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  read one unit at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the salt options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove colors from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  create a list of the data for the given src .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  null   null

test:  utility to look up a sql wildcard and return a list of statements in the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  to   up
truth:  decorates   column

test:  for some application files .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  wraps   tag
truth:  return   return

test:  return the formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   class
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a service via a new service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  displays stats that a2ensite as needed by the user .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  default   set
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install and download the next ip addresses from the given google cloud configuration .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   redirect
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for methods which do not present in the specified string .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a resource bucket in views .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  pickle and return cache object from a cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  to   data
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  replace   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  shows the list of all registered requests belonging to a particular user .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal api to convert a string to integer .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  order   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the js values of an embarrassingly-simple template .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  finalize   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  same as register_admin_extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a new version of the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a response is accept an accept services .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  match   match

test:  return a class that maps some arbitrary attributes to an attribute .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save weights to stdout .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user to the email address of an email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns a global dictionary for the current thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of dictionaries representing all the data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the list of interfaces stored in /etc/modprobe .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator that wraps the specified handlers and customized class .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate the model constraints in the given model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  check   check

test:  add a point to the next ms point number .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   up
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  0
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  a markup parser .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   parser

test:  for the given arg .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  commit google database .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  commit   object
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a user object in the datastore .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  do anything; of array x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  function   activation
truth:  select   elements

test:  function to clean partition of a graph .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  used   message
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  test mime-type with files .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  test   languages
truth:  null   languages

test:  calculates a list of length a and returns them .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  calculates   items
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  decorator to decide if a task is actually a task name in any of the task list .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  to   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import context if no prefixes from the current object .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  label: get the label for folder to .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script based on test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  provide a set of values from a string to filter values .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  some pure test objective function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  list out the modules that we want to look up the given locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the arguments for raw set of primers .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   intersection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  function   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files in the filepaths directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   variables
truth:  write   a

test:  drop all specified tenants stats .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  prefixes prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   dictionary
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the widget finite will be consistent with a quantity .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   create
truth:  test   test

test:  return a mocked keywords .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   name
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  function   function

test:  settings based tm needs a display-name .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  remove a repo .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get a neighbour network adapters .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a dataframe object that will be a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   null
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no input source is no p-value .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a boolean reflecting whether the current object has been set .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   a

test:  set the existing _version setting for every one directory .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   set
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  change current column of a named timezone cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   current
truth:  get   current

test:  convert string to node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  converts unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function computes the score loss function which can be used as an array of tuples of the main score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a campaign feed item settings for the campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the name of the datagram .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the name string for each module in a content-disposition dir .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is instance and stores it to the dictionary .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns an installation paths that would take care of paths .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  whether context is done according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instance of the aux graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of definitions for a list of servers .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  items view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   a
truth:  to   null

test:  gets a single gating content usage keys and minimum application .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  imports the contents of the specified debian set to edit qemu path to the command line .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  create matplotlib rc for matplotlib path .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the sizeof server execution .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   server
truth:  null   entry

test:  determine the corresponding to review on a given image .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  prompt   merge
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable mask .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get a environment dict and a versions of the application .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of assignments that matches the given cycle .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   notify
truth:  walk   null

test:  alias for python2 .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   force
truth:  add   add

test:  return the cpu executable in a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the varnish routine is initialized .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  string   compat
truth:  function   function

test:  pure pure integer n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  null   real
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system and destroy the os x name : string name of snapshot .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the correct get_all_stats function .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the matrix of conditions sampled by angle in this module .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  gets   generator
truth:  calculates   null

test:  test context .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  context   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  selects a list of anything .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  to   use
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  computes the string from the specified entry using string .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  hash   sk_x50_name_entry
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses a number of bits .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  before displaying a list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string escaped for use in an oauth-compatible string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  input   input

test:  returns a list of example entries from an image file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to be called when a line matches the given pattern this manager can be log .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the python_egg_cache environment variable or a new app by the application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  validate a localised literal number in the number of digits using substring .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  default   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  this function prints itself .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses the s3 uri into the path .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the type of the iterable type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the system path to the system platform .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   html
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit registry registry registry registry registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  installs one or more system via pip .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  uninstall   translation
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from text or usually characters .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns true if s is a half of the two numbers .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  returns   commands
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  login response with the given pmf .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  set the unique elements of an iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object to a string .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return http status code corresponding to a response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  get the ace for the object args: obj_name : the name of or path to check if the service is enabled or not .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  respond with json page .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a fake exception if the version of the version is not installed .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  null   import
truth:  context   manager

test:  transforms a path_str definition into a list of the current symtab .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns whether matrices are same as a scale/standard .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   *

test:  get filename filename filename filename .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a package to a db .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   a

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  render   render

test:  remove old keys .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the cci instance and return 0 .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  execute   lift
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a pep 302 additions of param instances .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a source node .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print out the data passed into a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  format   format

test:  we will check if a task is connected .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  if   null
truth:  take   a

test:  clear the cached options for a make run a make list of deinstall cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  change   packages
truth:  null   a

test:  validates basic exceptions that are not in assert order .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fix child nodes from an child tree .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  resolve   data
truth:  surround   null

test:  test theres a class with an translation subclass .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   metadata_version
truth:  null   truth

test:  listen to the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  function   paste
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  set the date on which the account expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a pdf entry for a course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if this package has already in the package as the one that will attempt to do it .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return copy of vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing as a previously registered with a relative url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick a channel .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  prepare   returns
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get the reindent between python files .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a text in a text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get global company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  override   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  parse the oauth token into the secret body string .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a numerical decorator for the given function or returns a module object .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  restart freebsd-update --add cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  bootstrap   return
truth:  to   check

test:  a backend that tries to extract the auth auth .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  create text or override icon on the correct shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  text   set
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in expr .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   fraction
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  convert six data into a search for some auto components .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  check   a

test:  uninstall a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return the push image url and an image from a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to replace the complexity output to stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   execution
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get the remote log of font config based on the repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  get   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  return an instance of the relationship 'self' .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether the request is enabled .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  check   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed subscription about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  call the given plugin with the given argument .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  if   exit
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the pseudo-xml shutdown .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   entity
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return all limit with the given filter .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the dictionary to normalize keys .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the files in the available environments split on the minion .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   status
truth:  create   a

test:  set float adjust option .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  float   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for marking the distribution in a line .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  change the amount of variable used as the vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse summary out of rabbitmqctl formats .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the characters with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get html signal and determine whether the specified course has been rendered in the given course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a task class .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api response for a given api in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns whether the docker exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the codename of the permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make the fixed ori matrix from binary data .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse a document or object .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns list of pages and pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  create   a

test:  get a draft object for a task .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers a single vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  registers   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete command line arguments .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  render   a

test:  make sure the cached version is equal to the cluster .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  make   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove special characters from an lowext extension .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  remove   filename
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a time value to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   day

test:  test epoch of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return snapshot with specified modification tree .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of random sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new datacenter in a new datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare two properties in the same way as the meaning color .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  report against deprecated agree report .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  produce the unittest class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  string boilerplate version .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  null   display
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an entityid passed as the self to a check object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  adds a formstyle on the incident form fields to the rate on the filters .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  format the list of floats through metric and 1s it .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new datastore bits .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   binary
truth:  generate   generate

test:  upload a bucket to an existing bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  use the web_1 returns a method in the given communication .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  measure   visit
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if to use and return platform .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  function   up
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection vector from reflection vector on reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   pvalues
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a class instance containing a protobuf instance and returns a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a python module from a specified source file .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compare an object using the value .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a list of words for each word in data .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   correct
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  convenience function to make the transform of x calls of the y .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  pull   x
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image to a given image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a valid subject .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the complete backend by name .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  get   return
truth:  url   url

test:  clean up a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  start   a

test:  rest controller - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   control
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  generate a new new assignment object for a certain lowercase .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup a test .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check to see if the current request is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  check   example
truth:  used   function

test:  return a group html link into one dashboard .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a path to the qemu-user module .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that this sequence is currently configured and has timed .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic light platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  nodesexcept -> children .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for reduction methods with entity state changes to track the track state .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  gets   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a stim channel of events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  create   exit
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad a multiple labels from multiple labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  draw   a

test:  return value in tkns dictionary .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parse text in the ~astropy .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   code
truth:  formats   formats

test:  check if executable is in shell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  if   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  display standardized options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case of .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of obj .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exploration ids with the given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize a global module with public tests set to one tests as new ok .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading pickle files .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  reading   label
truth:  io   io

test:  generate a single estimators object .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  read motif(s) from a file in a specified format .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory where the theme is running .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   correct
truth:  move   move

test:  to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  is   image
truth:  null   docs

test:  does this is a return if it uses the same number .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  assume   function
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from the given key .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove all python requirements from value .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python source files and version if it does not exist .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare and decide whether length of the region is divisible .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  prompt   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  user contributions to log if the user can perform post contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  if   check

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  returns an *is* copy of our config file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  hashes   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task with a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project form view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  lists all email access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns media info page .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   media

test:  take a number returns its argument string with 0 .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the path to the project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the hmac-sha1 of the hmac-sha1 passed body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  convert a path to a list_option .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of changes for the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  a context manager that launches the printed output on a variable .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  output   variation
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement : a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file into a dictionary .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  kid suspend is a dulwich message with the given number of rsa coefficients .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   control
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon to the submit icon u'title' information .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  run a command on a subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns an instance of vlc .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  return   a

test:  write the specified config file to the config files .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  same as a square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  paginator a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  connect websock .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test efficient .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the configuration files inside a file .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  call   call

test:  validate an aware of date string .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute files under a set of files .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get for beamformer .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load or disable an image from a fits file .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the repository repository for a package .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  log and handle a traffic <request> .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  send   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that "camera" image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  test for symbolic characters .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  null   up
truth:  given   a

test:  add a enrollment attribute to the course provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  if we are running on a master server .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  send message to an all or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  send   max
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: bsetter execute a name .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  imports from a template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate a certificate by name_label .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  filter   loop
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy snapshot information .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  use   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get a list of test tests from the worker tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  test   function
truth:  return   a

test:  grant plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  unset   templates
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete the filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper function to upload the instance to a filename using the used for creating the pseudorandom .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  get the part of a readable signature .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  list user saved text using playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  notify   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  writes worksheet elements to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   generator
truth:  write   null

test:  run a function as a valid python int .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator gets a function for deprecated functions .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports the string corresponding to the given class in the namespace .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for boxcox and 3 .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  return   a

test:  it should extract a vcs url for vcs drivers .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allocate a new random variable from the given random server path .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript code .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  load   run
truth:  run   run

test:  constructs an entrance exam as a unicode task input .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  constructs   obj
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns true if path is a tool tool file .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to plot the range of figure in a given vector .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  wraps a function into the calling argument .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  inserts   decorator
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder of x under the size of a set of area consistent parameters x : array-like returns column : float tensor to y : int the index of x 1-d
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  compute   area

test:  assert that text represents strong and target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  assert   filters
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print text message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  text   parses
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a set of vreturn .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   bag
truth:  null   null

test:  run single cluster port .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the current event object .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   in
truth:  to   move

test:  returns a tuple of changes made up to .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the domain for the given resource .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  format   format

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to a file .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape the given html with ampersands stripped .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  reset   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  get selection of all the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  get   up
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of total used for mail .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  create   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  check a single table identified by the spec file .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  pull   pull

test:  imports an object to a string and return it .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder for a single path .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   test
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if a service exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set the color style parameters .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   color
truth:  set   set

test:  clears the default order cache .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  default   default

test:  fail the given places with the first argument .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  required   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch to return the current time .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  return an html usage as an sls string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  test that the activation outbox outbox outbox is not required for the user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that swallows the time for freeze .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the base64-encoded hash of hash bits .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  hashing   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the authentication credentials of a authorized client .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  records   a
truth:  returns   application

test:  returns a list of version strings .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps all objects in a json string to a python object .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple arguments and returns a single set .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns a mongodb configuration dictionary from a mongodb config dictionary .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  domain if a host or ipv6 addresses matches the same host and returns true if the host is a given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the modules services cli example: .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  set   status

test:  convert number of unit elements to a string with the given unit .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transfer a single file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  search   current
truth:  to   null

test:  create a table with the given target name for header .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  '%slayercount%sof%s the message denoted by procedure string as a long layer string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  this function makes an rsa 32-bit endian .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  null   method
truth:  unpack   a

test:  return a random indices[d][i] operation .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   null

test:  get global document for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  get   custom
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: dism the feature to be used to create an offline windows image : the feature to install .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  does the given value look like a jinja file .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  does   remove
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs address of an interface .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all strings in front with front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a script id or none if the script is a global script that potentially sure we can use this button .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  given   in
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a base number based on channels .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the project .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns html to add a header to the html locale .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  to   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  split individual hits list of rows .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace turning database to prevent 0 .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   mark
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a pep 302 input among the corresponding to prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns an additional url based on the current comment pattern .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  extract   wrap
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette with no n-dimensional colors .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  search for a parallel tasks .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   start
truth:  run   a

test:  the remoteprogress() splits symbol into a loop .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns all the attribute from the node where the path is objects[object .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  list all the guest folders mentioned in the guest guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  list   null
truth:  access   access

test:  return an collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the network encodings' + the map .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function used when new signin in openid .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the function of a list .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  add all shop instances defined by the given class .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  add   function
truth:  matching   matching

test:  set the color with some subscribed to an abundance .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  decrease   set
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  remove a file path starting with a filesystem path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indented the given string with indentation level .
truth: indent text . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  like   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  a simple template that returns the compressed string .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  make a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current state object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  return the url to the absolute url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert compression data in compression format to an json-compatible file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  overwrite nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  default   runs
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found in a kb schema .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   http
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release recording with an artists .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionary of json primitives to a list of data .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  accessor to owner and return false if the owner has the owner .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  chown   return
truth:  require   a

test:  gets index which get parameters from a container value .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  sum   get
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup a default setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns a path to a container .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a api service account string from which the salt api call .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  null   python
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the path .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to get events to get the build process .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  compute the icrs around the metric model .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  check   part
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  send an event on the event loop .
truth: list instances . 
test:  send   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between correlation matrix .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   null

test:  get_init case of the given file type .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get valid entry for a given module .
truth: view that . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes can be updated with a explicitly datetime .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   session
truth:  get   get

test:  save a model instance as an json-compatible model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to a pair of components from sos parameters sos : array_like array .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  to   populate
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links needing html .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  request   task
truth:  share   share

test:  escape a list of dictionaries .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   process
truth:  process   process

test:  are always a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  modify an transport symbol by their solutions .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  get   transport

test:  replace a software string with timezone if there is a single space .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  draw   check
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an f-value internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  ensure that an image exists for the given image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   check

test:  vs yann function for the l{file} matrix .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield for a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  elliptic configuration option value of a configuration variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  monitor   null
truth:  use   a

test:  setup all the opus .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return a search shorthand file for the specified file .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  null   script
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this is a generic interface to generate a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   edit
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dot product of methods: centered .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure key with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  replace addresses with a parenthesis reference .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  mask   mask

test:  parses any recursive function as a default format for the supplied type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  default   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  if the pid of the process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  build an unbuckling basis which is to be used in maximum of the model .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  place   redirect
truth:  null   space

test:  remove additional parameters from grouper .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a module by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a method decorator that will add an interface to a method on both the values in an interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   translate
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable in-place .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a certain model name or a tuple of dictionaries with keys .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   a

test:  get a point by path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  set the incoming password on the circumstances to be run as an patched password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  set   try
truth:  to   tests

test:  decimal128 all shorthand strip the previously registered queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  store   a

test:  convert an input array to the index of the first axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  documents   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  splits a named query string to a named query .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  replace   correct
truth:  null   null

test:  utility to submit a task in a background format as a background background table .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to retry the signal from a trivial config file .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  parses a multiprocessing object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  parses   api
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  scale   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add a new numpy array .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a response which is not none for a response .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  call the knowledge base type in a nested template .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  call   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  parse a dict of option pairs into a tuple .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  function   strips
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  split the version string into a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  return atom-like to use this version .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  use a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the matrix contained by applying a network to the specified layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  set the module if haproxyctl is present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  provides   set
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make a ca tree .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the signal from each time tokenization/string and applying it to the given thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  load   entry
truth:  assure   null

test:  check whether a service is enabled in the salt myminion profile .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate to the inverse of the value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  returns one or more pathname of base64 password password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a parent object for a file .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with trainer data loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  load   a
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  generate a unique integer corresponding to a pcap .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from non-differentiable .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  canonicalize the string with all parsing characters .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   convert
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of the named filepath .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert the *worder* .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   items
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  gets all enabled results to match the database using a specified collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load the entry on the plugins that are executed by the manager .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  load   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   interpolation
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone from the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  associate   zone
truth:  halt   null

test:  return sample matrix of sample seqs pair .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   use
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for this string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk image of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the fixed value for the current ports as a floating point number .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  a page to change the request uri if the request is present and should be displayed .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  email   email

test:  print a status message .
truth: prints b . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  check if a filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   framework

test:  some blurred template sql server .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  null   pagination
truth:  make   null

test:  convert the delay-normalized matrix to svd .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  make   polynomial
truth:  computes   null

test:  real real dimensions of an real polynomial .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  index   create
truth:  return   a

test:  set a win32/win64 input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  segregate all the type to get arrays based on the type .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  pulls   series
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a constant that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute a linear log vector .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio kind of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the index of the linear patterns .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  computes   normalizes
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must have same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  input   position
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test that passing a python module with an error filled .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations and write configs to a offline .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert characters that have been mapped in text to "'>" .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the specified user .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a string argument into numeric .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  update the given app with the given data .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  update   install
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the '/description' patch for the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a website .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a fftsurr order density with no order appended .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  generates   multiply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return info on this minion or available for a given density name .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  log msg that continue to stderr .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   warning
truth:  error   error

test:  lookup a validation thrown using a regular expression .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  lookup   helper
truth:  value   value

test:  converts an exif image to exif space .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  converts   color
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has s3 .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  httpexception a python object with the given body .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  replace overrides the path to the new html document in the v2 url .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  return a new decorator info for a new review run .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  return   utf8
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiplies f * .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  expr   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the quantity ecliptic is actually a numpy quantity with different icrs<->gcrs for the quantity .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element and a list of dictionaries .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return the name of the field:: device .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  use the same id as requesting a list of the string id to insert a list .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  use   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test user defined user .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  order   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  not the audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  loops   loops

test:  returns a fully setup for a given doc .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if every stock within every stock sle .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  allows   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a unsubscribed setting a new user .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the splitting common prefix for given axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  to   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all query that match zero or a list .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the autocommit status of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test solveset_real against list columns .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   store
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build an debug message with some log code .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   message
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  print each line of the given task and validation bytes raise skiptest exception if no exception occurs .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorates a function to paste the arguments .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  call this bcache device with the bcache device .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  mark a function as a decorator for the given tag .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract all statistics from storage .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  string   string

test:  given a task object and a given task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   fingerprint
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the trigger for the specified resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dict with new keys converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  passes subscribers[operation] data to dict .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  creates   query
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for the named service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  import variables by name if module is importable or transform an exception .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  imports   a

test:  initialize module as a list of module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute categorical distances .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simulates an http get request .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  simulates   notify
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* individuals implementation from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  if binary image is in add-instance-groups to a given report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  add   data
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize -> a list of dictionary of .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send the unix message of a given request .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  sends   get
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model from model_file_name and return a tuple as a formated model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build paver file in an html document .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the contents of the post and open a post query string .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  performs   a

test:  return an instance of all traces for this object .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test end with vcs options .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  null   null

test:  return full path to the python build file .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays displays or hd .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   max
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to log a bunch of docstring .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  function   json
truth:  import   a

test:  send a param to a map of parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  send   a
truth:  module   module

test:  build a template object .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  nesting-safe -> xml .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   report
truth:  test   html

test:  does our console info dict form of blog/category_detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  does   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  which are not date with the provided username and generates the provided username .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  given   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  base64 encodes a single bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the specified wrapper to the zeromq to avoid infinite terminal .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  compare a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a qicon message .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of f in post given vector .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read and return a file as a list of dictionaries .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  log   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of dictionaries for a given type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that the cuda dispatcher is properly handled by cuda .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decide whether the user is enabled in place of another dictionary .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  validate xml schema from file schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  xml   in
truth:  validate   a

test:  given a list of volumes from a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject in the series parameters name : array-like array of displays at the full subject string or dataframe .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns stringreturn title required for use in string .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   a

test:  convert links to text .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the admin project .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   get

test:  move history to the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   close
truth:  move   back

test:  encode a given string as base64 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   encoder
truth:  base64   base64

test:  find a path to the server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  find   get
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator with this status code directly .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add single backup report .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  settings   power
truth:  given   a

test:  return return return error .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  calculate   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list images for all images for this vmware environment .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the logger mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  initializes   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a cache key for cache .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for a response to returned a list of tuples .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   file
truth:  note   note

test:  test when given data is in the kwarg model .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method to clean the branch in the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace an episode file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  function   function

test:  used for deleting an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mark a test as null .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  if data has not specified .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  if   param
truth:  validates   validates

test:  minimal user-agent of expr .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  tuple   routine
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the version of the specified git version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  svn   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets any struct code from code or its argument .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a controller_key .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  build and return reply[ format for quality stripping all standardized construction path .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  set all symbols of a given expression .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  set   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the sessions service is configured .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  execute   handler
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  adds a setting to a section and an error message and returns the result as a tuple of failed settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   method

test:  replace all of the standard patch instances in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all dereferenced receivers which should receive the given signal from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a flattened copy of the a and b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if video is a video file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  if   imports
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  callback function for returning an grains to the signer .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   request
truth:  get   get

test:  get the float with the float array .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   fft
truth:  get   get

test:  returns set of all active server required .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in line arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  set up the state in the output: .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  initializes   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  test discrete mutual features using discrete features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  is   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the node that has line number of .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete an image from a vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  compute standard normal cumulative distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate step of random data from seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  step   generate
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  equate the equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g consists of an groebner .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  can the major version of a logically .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   compat
truth:  test   test

test:  test single image handling .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  list the installed zones .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a consistency folder and installs packages inside a subdirectory .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a header and return a tuple of head .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  split all the options that can be accessed more than one of the last validators .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cleans the output of the server and stores it in user under the output .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  render a template name based on its type .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  stops   template
truth:  render   a

test:  adds and other the specified policy document for the specified policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  shift   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  given a string of csv files and a python object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark all of the traffic server on the given file/directory .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  mark   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return the list of files available for the screen .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  return   include
truth:  if   check

test:  if f is zero and weights .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write the data for the specified path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the value for a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   a

test:  get the correct status .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of ^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the defaultdict chunks in a given file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape all sequences of markdown chars .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the random dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sends a function to a list of decorators .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a queryset containing all the autoserv .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   html5
truth:  null   null

test:  studio the studio api generated by a previous page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   click
truth:  return   return

test:  create all messages from a source file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  create   show
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to rebuild a new affiliates-role from the ancestor .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  demonstrate tfr signal using a single dns .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  source   images
truth:  function   function

test:  return the line number of a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return image information from a list of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  return   find
truth:  guess   guess

test:  request a team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given a store object .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  given   copy
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the users dict of a given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  known   find

test:  create a class to import via the given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  yields   imports
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of lists suitable for use wit the modal-workflow external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  make the first element from the generator log files and for each loop .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  make   custom
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  function only return true if the host is overlap and not a new bound returns false if the bound is using the sympy attribute .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce a sql table to sqlite3 records .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  find   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts an instance of documentation and returns the corresponding content definition .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator for marking the test with provide provide .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load and return a password .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get the string to write the format for a given language .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  get   djangos
truth:  format   date

test:  gather the rabbitmq-plugin strings .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of pillar objects that configure the pillar data .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset a user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  provide an http translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  provide   function
truth:  translates   null

test:  fixes a color to generate a floating point value .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  color   names

test:  convert a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  freeze   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a set of commands to string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a django engine from config file .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   null

test:  apply the floor basis to the supplied basis .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  apply   plot
truth:  applies   null

test:  return true if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a tuple from a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   signal
truth:  embedded   start

test:  return a __str__ function of the sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  call   database
truth:  print   up

test:  returns a list of corner that can be found in a string .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return info about a bootstrap sample .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  wraps a file or all files that match a specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   return
truth:  am   am

test:  reruns handler for students delete an students if conditions: is made .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any additional tar svd from the python version .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  remove   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that filter works with type methods works as methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of available xblocks associated with the given course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the power of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  raise   f

test:  updating user profile when an doctypes with .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and a signle .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a tuple with the given version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a single item .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  require an instance of the webapp on the application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the driver instance for the provided provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about n i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  disable specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  disable   key
truth:  get   status

test:  determine the headers at the provided header dict .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  determine   cloud
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple precision objects from an np .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove all credentials in the given password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   login

test:  given a input object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  given   reading
truth:  change   change

test:  constructs a put pool from heliocentric .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  constructs   case
truth:  try   a

test:  returns a tuple of color with the given color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator with slow locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  transform   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path of a given root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new event uuid object generated by a new transaction object .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  queries a command for command .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a list of common prefixes using sys .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  returns   variant
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  wrap the decorated function returning a blocking blocking .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for dbinstance .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validate   exit
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process a child process in an anonymous compatible environment .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   apply
truth:  display   a

test:  return the index of the imdb for the given imdb .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance between points and center based on sparse array .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper on accessing a parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  value   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  returns the parsed text from the parsed text if any of the corresponding text exceeds returns a gcode .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  like   number
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the parameters x : 1-d tensor and y conversion of two currencies .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  performs   gradient
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  logs out the previous status of data .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given the correct type from strings .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a unique device name .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  return   return

test:  arbitrary functions name .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  format the fsize bit in degrees .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  output   return
truth:  file   file

test:  creates the cache class corresponding to loop .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about all available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  check   set
truth:  return   return

test:  set a user to redirect user with common admin data .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  adds   password
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns a list of yaml files from yaml .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   dataset
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute the update from a update user .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  build the build page and returns page index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   server
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get request to use in tests depending on the api .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  request   ip
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert to homogeneous precision .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  np .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  upgrade   up
truth:  changes   django

test:  given a exprexpr expression sum of expression range(n) + .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  function   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of the given presence .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the length of the multiline snippet like an lines .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create an qtev timestamp .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fill in a string .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line from documents .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  compute   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  the usual of this address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  similar to a vm .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  to   replay
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  allow for subclass to handle exceptions .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  allow   arguments
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  call this tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  call   translate
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that latex/aastex data with wrong table .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  text   read
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert to the bits of the integer .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   encoder
truth:  count   count

test:  return the platform? tarball and directory .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  object   object

test:  test some advanced maths .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  check   test
truth:  is   null

test:  a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a slot decorator to the instance of an instance of its instance .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value followed by the value in a list .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the result to be run as the reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  set   run
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a copy of the items in normal with base data structure matching any given id and its derivative .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  remove docker handler .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  order   commands
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return true if there are a potentially of text .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  function   function

test:  run alignment sequence out of a string .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  run   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash with various parameter .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  format a wildcard pattern from config file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  format   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a single module actions for this process .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this is a no-op .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  define   set
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class name can be used as a class with a class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract the minimum data from a file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove exactly the initializing ref .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the showed permission language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a carving for a given dump .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  render page: displays all events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  render   index
truth:  null   events

test:  opens a flow from an image .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an in-memory branch .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  encodes a string to a byte string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial b[i] in gf(p)[x] and a monic matrix .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether tests for a given test run as a list of tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns a list of lists for an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  spatial threshold value of the given image and return image image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named source .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds a dict to the data[key] of the data .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an email dataverse off an existing request .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   build
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return the status_id opening and udp udp .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess output .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  returns a heading .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  password   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like *typ* .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   set
truth:  get   a

test:  a class decorator for classes that are always return a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   logger
truth:  set   set

test:  add unofficial that are detected by the given path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  wrapper to check that the name contains a valid regex name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new action and returns the result .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  list the packages currently installed on this system cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  colorize sixattr color with a single vector .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text to the lists .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set a descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get joined intersections from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed contributed for comparison in left .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns all the __init__ devices .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the two strings of a constant using the specified time .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  some transformation .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  a pairwise metric between both vectors and gp .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove links from single link .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an owner}defaults and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the key from a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   metadata

test:  initialize the rgb library or conf tests to avoid tests to the temp library or conf image .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  initialize   build
truth:  call   call

test:  return an http basic auth or http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  return   authentication
truth:  null   http

test:  returns a httpresponse object .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  find   a
truth:  render   render

test:  remove a simple typeclass type .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decide whether the block mapping is an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the rfc2617 components from a single group .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get the value of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for sorting a binary image with a single entry .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  function   array
truth:  result   result

test:  delete a list of inventory generation for the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  provides the current config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  provides   custom
truth:  return   return

test:  load a single global records from a given recarray .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  this is a worker that given ip address information .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2dismod for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  format a form form for the object .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  null   http
truth:  null   a

test:  register one or more application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a context manager that initializes the django validation codes to the django template context .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  return whether or not the pids for a given pid is running for the given pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  processes   processes

test:  renders a course_id from a issue status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   query
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   grade
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of all plugins in the plugin .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  do   variant
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the complex test of a routine .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a 1d attribute .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for skipping test suite .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns a string of messages for the given document .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for testing the old evaluate[ .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  returns output from line flag .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compare the data from channel and convert to a numpy array of points .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a device in the device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  matches   device

test:  test with nested command issues .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   limit
truth:  context   context

test:  given a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  given   create
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json "epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   data
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify a canonical object describing all values in a particular group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  does   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the censure range throws a bad one .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   solve
truth:  null   difference

test:  parses the first leaf config leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  if   growl
truth:  set   set

test:  look for the vm that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  look   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  import a module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  replaces   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  fires a process in the output: system .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  remove   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a triangle linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  export   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_one_default __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_tag_current_app
truth:  expected   null

test:  check the input data .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the git image of the given group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load all orm information from a instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  load   data
truth:  look   up

test:  save all job data from all returners in multi_returner .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   merge
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  gets or update profile values in the given user .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds or add mathjax to the rst script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   report
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  makes sure that all the files exist in tree files are assigned to found and n*log(k) .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  makes   path
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given surface clause .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the base directory as a given user .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  return   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  look up the console settings in a dict .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  log   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the error key to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open an mps-youtube command with the given parent directory .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   helper
truth:  open   open

test:  generating - dont use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run c{f} .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   server
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse out what parameters are 56 search of integers .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  transform a page into a normal page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock only the system .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  can be used for searching for an item from an item .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive space as a pointer .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given field should be overridden for a set of blocks .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set ssh user and set a default user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  setting   user
truth:  set   user

test:  make a path separator for the directory specified by .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  projects   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the validity of a queue is available .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create a permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  test efficient .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  test   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an aggregates and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a base value for a base value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  take   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a dict of columns from a specified path .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing of templates .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr dns record .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http http http http error code .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all the vms names .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for issue numpy array with angular and numpy __new__ coefficients .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  using   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert f to the since last element of f .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the test data filename .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create protocol' .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot a function for sorting .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this function indents save the old metadata from the location .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  removes   reset
truth:  renames   null

test:  api endpoint; returns n x else gpu ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  returns   integer

test:  remove files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all function or a docdict .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the value of a variable indexed by the bytes .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate one or more digits of specified length .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a view view for a resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows a review request id based on its review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  get the text from node as node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object with the api .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the current node .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes a cli server in both the remote server .
truth: create a role . 
test:  executes   parameters
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add another user and displays it .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all the user h .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  import a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  load   load

test:  returns info about the directive configs .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  matching   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  get a keys search dict .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  returns a tuple containing the current request .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the distance between two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  set   set
truth:  measures   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  mill   mill
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  finds all elements which are renderer_name .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  wrap a directory that creates a socket .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a view function as internally .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  marks   view
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the unique mask of x and y .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   shuffles
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a conn .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing with the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   index
truth:  index   index

test:  returns a python object to hex bytes .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of all users that have been removed .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  create an document and associate list of names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  creates   strings
truth:  typing   null

test:  returns a random integer value .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject a course into the course for the course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   data
truth:  set   params

test:  return a detailed displaying based on its html .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run the given violation and return its output with the given arguments .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the amount of configured 'initialized' helper .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for tests that are not composed of numpy .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  extract the model that match lists of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extract   force
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a collection attribute for a unloads .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add data retrieved from firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  code   return
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to fix a method size from database .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return test objective function .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  test   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively looks up all values of a certain output .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  construct an object holding a time value in the year .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  if   null

test:  open the given blob using the given tree .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  open   data
truth:  generate   a

test:  a pending tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  null   set
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph of the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of attributes for the field based on the objects query .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  formats   print
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update an object with a default object for testing purposes .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an instance of a service .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate all thirty tables .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  return   a

test:  single transaction view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve the polynomial of parameters .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a package with ssh .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  main function for adding an log-det to the process .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  shift   point
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns whether the argument is literal .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   os
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if value is a member with specified length .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  run a list of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  run   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default maximum config values for the model .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  get   set
truth:  help   help

test:  recursively sort the given key from d .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  function   selection
truth:  null   items

test:  basic current user and backend authentication data to send it to authentication and user defined in current context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the common keywords that will be used to get the providing .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize aka to cause automatic args to a function .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  trims a constant object .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  implementing   a
truth:  use   use

test:  looseversion; javascript as javascript .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  using   html
truth:  return   html

test:  given a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  given   multiple
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find the unix file .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  use   a
truth:  search   search

test:  display the initial records in a quantity .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  show   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return png quality with the specified image parameters .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  draw   transform
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to make sure that option v can run only the tests .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return true if the directory exists in the given virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize and initialize existing dirs .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   widget
truth:  logging   logging

test:  cancel profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  cancel   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  convert worksheet to stdout .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  convert   results
truth:  run   run

test:  a multipart implementation of multipart ebs volumes .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   query
truth:  start   a

test:  generate function for running product .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   list
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of the provided raw commit string .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the region name for the given region code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  in dates are changed .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   extra_kwargs
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  release an http traceback request - we get a new app .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  converts a normalized argname string to a datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   manager
truth:  converts   t

test:  convert value to an int or ipv6 address .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  return   read
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin shows the job .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   layers
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  given an attribute class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  attempt to run a command with given android .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns a team name .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the human-readable string representing a human-readable text data .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets metric by name from list of module in this module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   metrics
truth:  change   change

test:  returns a list of locale names .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  returns   chord
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  returns a string for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a function for click on an event kind .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  takes   map
truth:  search   search

test:  looks for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  get the traffic server promo between campaign and promo .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a query to the mysql server .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  converts context .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  performs nt nodes cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  smooth   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run tests from git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  to   command
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable or disable jquery animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate statistics for the desired table method .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references that pillar pillar references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  run a network metadata .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  run   entities
truth:  model   model

test:  parses a python object from the json tree .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parses   object
truth:  parse   json

test:  view for requests to track the user preferences .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  view   a
truth:  call   call

test:  try to extract a phone index in the specified number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  to   start
truth:  converts   number

test:  given a callback set .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   callback

test:  error if given name matches any string .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   x
truth:  check   check

test:  perform the division-by-zero logic .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  download networks .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   queries
truth:  update   update

test:  should be whitelisted issues in the given issue .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 column can be initialized .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  null   ticket

test:  use this method to implement the drivers .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  use   notification
truth:  null   a

test:  gracefully set the configuration for the specified snapshot .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  uploads   students
truth:  install   a

test:  checks to see if test relationship is in the given test .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  select   microversion

test:  unpack a sequence of tuples representing the arguments passed in a tuple of properties that can be passed to the supplied function .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  shows the html exam date in a particular course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  shows   students
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  changes changes to the user so that they can be used with the given username .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  this function is a valid string listing .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  function   status
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an integer or ipv6 addresses for timedelta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  perform the <td> greenlet between the function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  populate   function
truth:  null   basis

test:  [base] version of f .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this tweet caused how the reply id for the reply section .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  tries to find a encrypt in the given path .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  one or more metric filter files taken from the weighted data .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  align   sample
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate html file at content and return it .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  compute the samps[ position of an events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  is the given value of four results of four dates .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the maximum segment from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration of opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   data
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of floats from an array .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the _repr_pretty_ doesnt need to fall works with a random number .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  test   distutils
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   instances
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension in ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  find a certain backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  find   encoding
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a cache file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  set   view
truth:  called   null

test:  a factory function that validates a non-existing time' .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  github   check
truth:  check   length

test:  in the template users header .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  a view that returns the certificate needed for a particular request .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  set up local username and run the paste .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make a version of sudo .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  double : simple_stmt | expr | expr minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   decoder
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all python category in a given charset .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  remove   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an object for passing an object or scalar .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  if   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  converts unicode strings to utf-8 encoded in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to get a single sysctl value of the sysctl value for this minion cli example:
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  server   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a batch of the given matrix .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  transform and figure out to disk .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  buckets   wrapper
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  tests for the get-spider-stats .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  make   null

test:  dumps all demo ids from the given exploration .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  parses a cookie containing text and down it uses cookies as a cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a set of images stored in the request .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a /project/<pid>/node/<nid> unit to a string .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   guess
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the current timezone is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get the specified key and create a key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes list of repository classes and return the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable or disable a function to the given function .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  create   a
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find and return a specific method object with the provided name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   find

test:  create a fake hdf5 output for use in one component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  execute   build
truth:  null   null

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  needs   no
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns integer address contained in string format .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  escape   ipv4
truth:  hex   hex

test:  returns the git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse data from entries in json format and optionally returns boolean .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extract   json

test:  this method takes a list of schemas and returns a single string or list of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a source files from a python .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  checks if a physical entry is a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  get   state

test:  create a lazy tuple containing indexing instances of the given relation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros sequences of c3 most common diff between the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  remove   url
truth:  merges   mros

test:  return the text with each line in the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   string
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a test that uses pair .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detect 'browser' attributes to detect whether any attributes are set .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate f by the n-dimensional sum of the n-dimensional sum .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the current request .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  build an api url from api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  returns the n-th expansion of a given expression .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   adjust
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a soft/symlink version to a space-separated version .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  determines if a filename is absolute .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  if   tags
truth:  copy   a

test:  same as disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  register a keys of key to be ordered by the keys in the database .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  transform   shorthand
truth:  push   element

test:  generate a file to be used as an absolute path to the database .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  get   get

test:  estimate the memory rechunk that would have new size .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of the names where host has a given sdk .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert old-style into a corresponding tuple .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given value to json so that it can be embedded in javascript .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  this is a *very* for a movie .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  create a random graph that needs to have any edges .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper for creating a webob server metadata to the http request .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return package list .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  null   import
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert data to a newly or aware datetime .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a list of visible courses configuration configuration patterns .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute f using reduced factors .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  issue   create
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns a list of disabled rtn -> a string .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  helper function to sleep the command .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  function   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  configure the application .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the path of the given node from the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  this method is called to easily return a string describing an object in its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv path .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  initialize   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  *divisor* over a form .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  input   file
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a table .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   table
truth:  test   existence

test:  inserting inserting .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uses the rl_backward_char .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the model of a directed object .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  model   matplotlib
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test using industry:(%) .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  using   selection
truth:  null   ^

test:  return image with given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  adds the vectors queue object to a node that will add the analysis queue and the state to the analysis queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fail test unless the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  fail   send
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  convert :py:class:bytes .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor for a certain file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream of integers representing the parsing subclass of parsing them .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a vcenter level type represented by name .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for osfstoragefilenode methods .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return datetime object into a dict .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  build   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a regex for a jinja2 search using the selected http api .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  dashboard dashboard .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   news
truth:  null   null

test:  build the gettext configuration for the given domain .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  build   null
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'linelength'] matches the input props[u'linelength'] .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks that the expr is not rewritten .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checks   error
truth:  error   error

test:  create summaries that we can be a set of dynamic data .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  sorts   null

test:  read binary format .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  get keywords and filters .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in different vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  generate a test suite for testing .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  because this azure a list of vms that are on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the main entry point for current request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test deploy .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   action
truth:  null   description

test:  wrap python content and returns a ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid getxy .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add the consists of a path to the raised task path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid performs a random matrix .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  require a evil_member web user .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  require   a
truth:  to   url

test:  turn a list of css classes into a string .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  function for displaying expressions in the sympy expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   argument
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check that sparse results for integer and test isolation .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add new aggregates .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  this is usually hack to override the config file .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a list of normalized whitespace .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  sort   norm
truth:  make   null

test:  if a resource event specified .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  handles   request
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert python fields to an integer .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the repository-relative array to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  passed   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a binary string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add tempfile to a given script in the given source file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  save   a
truth:  source   a

test:  add a prefix to the url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  add   wrapper
truth:  url   url

test:  load left needed to get a large format .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   data
truth:  left   null

test:  fetches mute preferences of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new boilerplate page .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an argument types .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a defaults chart using the parent distribution .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes html links from jinja .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  function   source
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id in and .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   race

test:  confirmation uses grid to the template .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   djangos
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the piptestenvironment of a list of lists of equal to a set of lists .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return an on/off string for use in dollars .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  wrap arguments with arguments .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box directly via pre-computed .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a simple html to interact with a html form .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  binds the fit for forward surface .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  needed   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  generate a random string .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file u'samaka' and on-disk file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generator that .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape invalid characters in a string .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  get a mysql user on a mysql device .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication properties .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   description
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  call this function as an xml token .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  creates   repo
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   callback
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  retrieve information about an nodes .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  null   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() in the database .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   point
truth:  calls   calls

test:  cast dtype .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  like   dtype
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  set new audio output status .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  output   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  build a course section to the analytics dict .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  build   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  score for array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  regularized   null

test:  order approvals by column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  order   a
truth:  given   null

test:  read a backup file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns a list of cover art associated with the current request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a tree of dictionary keyed by an just as a tree from a tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the push url in github api endpoint .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  collects the current url and timeout for the given url .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  constructs   pass
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class type for a class object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement function for expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  function   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validate the current configuration .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test price from setter useful .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   check
truth:  exists   exists

test:  simple yet wrapper for python 2 .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current time as an timezone aware datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  test that python expression evaluation is true .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a replacement for options .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  translate all disabled status into one version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  translate   version
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapped function to parse a list of blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   point
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   fasta
truth:  document   document

test:  sets the securely-generated .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  formats both logs and expand them into a yaml file .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a dataset with the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  release t and arithmetic t and arithmetic squared expression .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  performs   part
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes data to unpickle to unpickle form .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  to   pickle
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return one or more whitespace .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  uniformly-distributed version of bivariate .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   server
truth:  call   call

test:  replace sequences that arent double quotes or empty string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a public user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  work   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  generate a unique error log file .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   task

test:  list text through each line in x .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return all registered images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   function
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a time value to a posix header string .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered loop from boundary .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run a django command as the stdout .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   change
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib cli example: .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function computes the intercept of f with age coefficients .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  function   a
truth:  produce   linear

test:  loads a chaining function and apply a turned event loop .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  supplement the current token before a given line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a 'rhel-' distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a logical cluster object and end of the model .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  create   parses
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   pil
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  waits for a test with start and wait .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the files for each setting in the cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  retrieve   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  run tests in minutes .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  is   null

test:  create a change dataframe based on a given curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the kwargs['exc logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the specified member list of exclude .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copies image onto a given image .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  like   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  return info about a tablespace .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  dictionary   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file if exists delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating data .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  prints out the reader to a file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   file
truth:  function   function

test:  removes all between a string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  decodes a one-dimensional buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  parses   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a matplotlib grid match .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  setup   wrapper
truth:  null   projection

test:  create a dictionary containing a keys tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function for checking whether n is actually a non-boolean .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the default time in the epoch .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   current
truth:  default   default

test:  view that handles a user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  view   view

test:  create an entry as a task entity .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  create   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a full config file name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the 'data' line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup root loggers for the python root to the library .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  attach   logging
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  tests   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop compatible task .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and portion it from negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator for deprecated use in deprecated function .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the communication between this block and the pending ids .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  there is a somewhat 2-tuple of making a float .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: parent execute a set environment variables .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a factory to verify the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  create   open
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the generalized combinations of d1 .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   =
truth:  taken   example

test:  translate pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on provided host .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   generator
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the context value for the given key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild the specified form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  locates   reverse
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course via various new organization .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  send the resource and return the detected home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  return   user

test:  get public ip of one specific network driver object .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object has next attr .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the threadpool with the given threadpool .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  install   a
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  return the environment variable as an \\temp'return variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes a single identifier and return the main .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a thing .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the arguments in the map id .
truth: return a window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return boundaries: float .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  performs   null

test:  run a function as a no-op and return result as a string .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hash digest of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   data
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves linear differential equation examples .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   system
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of human-readable help information .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   display
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a spm description of a given plugin .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   null
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to an integer .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region from a specific country name .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  read a random transform of z_p[t_1 .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  populate   n
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote an argument for a escaped string .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make a traffic summary of a number of data for the specified top summary data .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory if it does not exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  argname arg .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  load an xml element and return the resulting gettext .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns reference to the absolute resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate and return a reset value for given value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to json .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete models from a given model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a linear sequence of items in a css platforms .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restart geonode .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  null   null

test:  return a text array with the highest covariance character .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the control configuration for the given node .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  cors and limiting a given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the overhang .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate email addresses and group messages .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  email   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  returns the current utc time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return exercises data for given user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to get application name from a dependency .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a little way to prevent methods from whitelist .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a coefficient .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  returns   methods
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  append variables from x to match the correlation matrix .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  append   convert
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of all sites views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the default higher function in a variable .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculates   args
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  collect features that arent been done against the api call .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  collect   get
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  rotate a points by lan_flag: .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  rotate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  output output is registered for minion .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  get a :class:fontkey object by extracting font information on the afm .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the symbolic config item .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   imports
truth:  use   use

test:  return the name of the locale .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  input   input

test:  init the 1-norm configuration .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets a list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper function to set the interfaces of a provided one .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that checks the user has the permissions to modify a workflow .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  pluralizes a denominator message given an application and denominator .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  result   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete data in the flat alias .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set current fullscreen fullscreen filter .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  for use in successful stationarity/invertability .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  routes   routes

test:  format a setting into movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  format   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  computes the inverse of a vector at *x*; returns the transformation point of the array .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  computes   gaussian
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  sizes of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  query   filter
truth:  divide   one

test:  drop the network for this deployment .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  input   one
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a list of $xdg_config_home/user-dirs .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  yield   partitions
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete the system delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the quadratic quadratic matrix .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  unpack   custom
truth:  compute   values

test:  helper function that copies the vector' field type .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  checked   create

test:  join to a string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   chops
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts obj to utf-8 string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  like string .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  return the dhcp options set to the vpc resource id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  return   options
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg option - can be "turtle" in source .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  set   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  change the salt fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  change   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reload if a server exists in links .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  if   link
truth:  require   null

test:  resolve function to keep the decorated function .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  function   inputs
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a path is a valid path as a path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  modify migrations as db .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  modify   parameters
truth:  update   update

test:  setup python extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  used   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn 'a'] column names .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  process the module: data from this thread .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  gets a list of urls to display the log base data depending on this response .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a gpg object from the datastore .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  counts have identical lines .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a transformation hash from a python built-in or a tuple of tuples .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  view for getting the redirect .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  sign   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  print the pprint .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  print   helper
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  method to generate the multi .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a time-based class or none .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of images in the given grid file handle .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths for the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used the communication but is approximation .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message if an stderr was not installed .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  apply a signal to cassandra module .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean iff a forum has already exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd /etc/os-release for bytestrings and returns a dict with distribution information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   systemd
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  give files from backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tars   null

test:  the unpack to modify permutations .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that hugs exception type wrapper around the accept type of a variety of value .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  return a list of script files below the docstring and changelog .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url belongs to url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group with the vlan system with the host tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a single time series using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create the dll .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  create   up
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all certificates for a given service and topic it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a server from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get original fifo from a queue .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   function
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse a logger with logger and return the result .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the users avatar to a service .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   render

test:  is this a simple command using the reached .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  using   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reader class for the aws module .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  get   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get the log message in a temporary manner .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   force
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset counter representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a list of indices to a binary string .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  converts   sample
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to the lists .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   vertex

test:  select one key by name .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  import   everything
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes all error regression loss data matrix .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  error   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get log logging .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the console console output .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value as a phone .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of the attachment object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if a instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  split a national token on the specified character .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   length

test:  run one or more config lines from the specified config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the posix executable in the path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  builds a document to store the data for json .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  builds   force
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves f order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  extract all the c++11 keys for the given rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  create   get
truth:  put   put

test:  transform nodes to the target number of nodes .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validate that local tunnel is local or not .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix with elements stored in the specified matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if ip address is equal .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  if   a
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes the required version or git api to git checkout .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  this is necessary to work with test cases .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns none .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  null   init
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that an selinux id is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert datetime object into a timestamp .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  detect the function with non numbers .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  bound   decorator
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add body of a recent tile layer .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   export
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   correct
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a signature against a tcp signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  verify   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory that contains .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dom a test agents .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if the user has the permission to perform a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator to get rid of a cache .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a nested pattern .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  function   function
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a interpolate b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all topics on the states cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  language: pt-br -> step with no snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  dummy view for loading healthz response .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  function   val
truth:  null   health

test:  generate the middle dataset of sequences counts by latin-1 .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator for handling the arguments that the function is called with a call to the list of functions that functions can not raise with .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string result has a if s .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the file name for a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  convert   application
truth:  return   a

test:  given an type string and an integer value .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  return a staff user object .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a test case to an attribute of a method .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  renders   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  select template summary for a specific template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get cart cart from the user .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   method

test:  send a multiline step to command .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   loop
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function to create a feed of inputs from a feed .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the mandatory cobbler module statement_list url .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  null   key

test:  returns snmp array either a string or snmp operators .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  returns   bind
truth:  check   check

test:  test the powerschedule shape .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  a system-v object to check if the data type is enabled .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   return
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to make a keepass decorator as the queued that has not supported as being passed to the webserver function .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  compute how expression for x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   benchmark
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  hex a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a transaction .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  create a list of exception frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the equivalent of square root window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops with loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures a specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  build an logical 'bdist package .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  list all known plugins cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes inline and yet parsed them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_assets page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path components into a tree .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a plain timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  get log .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  appends   roles
truth:  make   strings

test:  request information about the user .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   get
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a function and run the given environment .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  gets users class by name .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests max_revision() are always delete revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  reads all begins file and return a last-modified binary string containing a single file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function for the application .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory for creating top level from keyword arguments .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that local alias should raise a valueerror exception .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  trivial   security
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the {}stop expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  create a theme hash for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : simple_stmt | newline | newline | newline | converter .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   suite
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for map messages to the tropo channel .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg from the given distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the attributes from src to a src fields .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return the price for every number of items in the given number of items .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  fix   =
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  monte suspend of files and returns a 3d numpy image dimension .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  scales   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   dtmf
truth:  reject   reject

test:  given an iso 8601 date string and a timezone datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  a function that facilitates up the result of the users probability .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  extract an array of axes from a set of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements from growing and throughout .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a service object from the auto-detect service using the submodule loop .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  sets the kkt on pml .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  sets   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  null   null

test:  port of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return norm .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh z from the values of a gaussian beam method .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown fields to markdown .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  text   text

test:  replaces explicit output of the current column .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  give   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns whether the symbol is not a symbol for f that is not implemented to the symbol already registered .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a sequence of tuples to an integer .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  convert   configure
truth:  block   block

test:  returns a list of units .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that distance between coordinate systems the correct graph goes to the output .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   check

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  add xml element to xml tag and escaping value .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this method will replace only with a new get_html that will replace the corresponding get_html .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check that precision ways of a time + precision is the date .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   precision

test:  extract the column name from a column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse any string from a username .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   roles

test:  get endpoint path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sorts a dict based on its prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  based   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a class or accept charset .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review for a screenshot based on a particular user and returns a code status .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  displays   a

test:  parse time an interval .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   time
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the new namespace .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the user uid is uid for the specified user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   user

test:  convert a url to a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does fields: have a valid xkcd url and returns xkcd url .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a persistent file using its encoding .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  emulate any separated 2-tuple data from text .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  solve   generator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  gets a new manifest manifest object from bumper manifest .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   read
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the values that are views after comparing it in an x509 variable .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  returns   i
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore sample .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   method
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  migrates   controls
truth:  make   worker

test:  create an enumsubst .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  create   assert
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return directives error metric .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  tell   up
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  given an object from a course id string .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this is a helper function for the zone_id summary tests .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a template module given its absolute path .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  as can not make sure that a single table with supported parent directories .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the kernel path from a file as a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  return   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  get the list of disk partitions by one point .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  array   array

test:  fix a set of policy radon .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  output   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to yield the length of a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the path in which the absolute segment data points :type absolute module or comments .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  returns   timestamp
truth:  gets   a

test:  build a campaign feed item item settings for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert model values to tprob .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  convert   current
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten all ttfdict to all deprecated document .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for storing by this module .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the container .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the traffic_manager service and make sure all the services is present .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  convert image to flat format .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a single package with the name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  implement the response referenced by a template name .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if url is a local url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  add add form .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  if cli is the unix algorithm in tokens .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  cross   get
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  print out tokens in a string .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim status of array .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  bins   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the first function takes a function as a list of arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new instance of atomic i/o .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   get
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check a test for objects .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  read   function
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  send a binary data .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a random distribution with the same items as a random number of users .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  delete up the given resource instance .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a binary search connection value .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sync the servers on a given vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  sync   check
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   render
truth:  update   update

test:  filter the most common use by the request .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  returns   values
truth:  get   a

test:  construct the asset hash for the importer config file .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  construct   sets
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return an usage with a file .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  return   system
truth:  print   a

test:  change the random string into a random number .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  run the command and return its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a config file and parses a config object from a python machine or config object and parses it is valid .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  display   print
truth:  print   print

test:  notify fault manager .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  notify   set
truth:  discard   null

test:  tries to find the name of the given path and returns it .
truth: remove " . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a stream is basic with name .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get form for translation .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs from the information items from the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a public key and load it .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  command function using interactive command .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  function   arguments
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a helper function to grab the big-endian value of the given number of digits .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a 2 2 ipv6 header to help bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  format the data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  display   get
truth:  return   return

test:  screen the first word of a given array of zp digits .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   pem
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of urls that can be used to rc4 url .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   json
truth:  given   a

test:  confirm we can connect to f .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  exponential moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  moving   adaptive
truth:  moving   null

test:  add a product to a dict if it is a nice or not .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  adding   handle

test:  get a url for the specified url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   check

test:  remove any unnecessary whitespace characters from the lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open a file located in outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  escape   apply
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return average average of mne-python .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new course record for the specified course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  creates   students
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the process used to run tellstick .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function execute a class upon building a class with a given set of subscribers .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  run   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   regression

test:  converts composite image to a mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  move   properties
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language based on the session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generate the current meas id for the provided date .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace any characters in a string with all zeros replaced by their "+" characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for classes that create a hsp property in a cascading property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns lists of lists of inverse based on level .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse xml file into a given encoding .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  xml   history
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a configuration file .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a calculated for one that are calculated .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  outputs   test
truth:  return   return

test:  try to parse the job at a string .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   connection
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 or bytes to unicode .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get an invalid version of the system version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   status
truth:  get   get

test:  get block devices to instance in block .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  format a relative time in a human readable string .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  process for the sigterm handler .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  process   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  decorator to skip test if numpy is enabled .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  load   change
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  sets the state of a given state .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  a decorator to declare and return a function or functions .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements in the file to be ignored .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns html to html rendered by a tab .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  render   render

test:  check to see if a command is enabled .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  freedom a given image to a series of image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that initializes the python wrapper .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get request or none .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  request   request
truth:  call   call

test:  run a command and timeout .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   change
truth:  run   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   change
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  helper function that converts a new location into an py-setproctitle directory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   github
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  take template types and return a list of files that can be found in audio using anonymous library .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   get

test:  handle an categories .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  null   cli

test:  return an integer or a scalar object is a sympy string .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne named image .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   series_or_df
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the common prefix .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  execute a json json file .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course structure for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a calendar hierarchy or none if specified .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  if   atoms
truth:  time   time

test:  return the color with colors sampled at a given index .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  return   coefficients
truth:  splits   a

test:  return sparseseries .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   columns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route domains :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  split x by x by y when x is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y : writeme returns x : writeme or x : writeme y y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  split   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  display the current server navigation .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  display   remove
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the list of all available library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   open
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  returns a 2d object of a array-like of points .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   backup
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  test the decorator to help method .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   run
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse and return an expression .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert python datetime to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists all the sinks entries in the given destination .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  print   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in datetime object to a python datetime .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  is it a python package? .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  if   human
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the search for a given index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to get the request from a local request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the key name sorted by the given ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to remove the top line and upper line starting at a terminal line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate internal length for externally authenticated user .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  pick 'author' .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   params
truth:  pass   pass

test:  utility method to retry the max element in case we can talk to a line .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  print the source message from the surface .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether an object is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  0
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  used   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup fritz!box thermostat .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to decorator which applies another test case of a method is a tuple of easier arguments .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   provider

test:  correspond any web api code .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  contract   a

test:  move file to another array .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  get all of the contents of a dict .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  drop the drop epochs to drop them to the epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  passes   indices
truth:  equalize   null

test:  create the canonical order needed for caching .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence to a choices state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  find matching files and return the full path .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   in
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load only if twisted and load runner libs .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  a dummy token to allow the csrf csrf requests .
truth: given a request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  do not change the dynamic versions of websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  signal   set
truth:  update   update

test:  return items as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  check the course for expired mode args: username: the course data to identify returns: dict: the course group of active courses .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  format the number of files to a single string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   count
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the available weather sensors .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test decorator that pauses test cases on a test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write the specified data .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove the command line options for a specified file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  for initalizes that return a new config object .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  array   null
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an odd extension of x along x parameters x :
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image properties of image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  suspend   server
truth:  sets   optional

test:  the renderer renderer_name renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  proxy to current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  load   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find a sysctl value from a sysctl entry .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   downloads
truth:  expects   a

test:  factory for any external api - get in the external interface .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  sets   wrap
truth:  null   null

test:  add pricing cache for this module to a wrapper around relates .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  send   pricing
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get the closest remaining consumer of the closest axes .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  to   gcode
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a class decorator for methods whose class is an instance of issubclass .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts an issues string .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extracts   method
truth:  extract   references

test:  return a list of states and version of the yaml .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  scan   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  find the line at least just a given number or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  find   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 and return only the answer each time srloop --> none .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine method .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   image
truth:  is   null

test:  train a model .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  starts   run
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a list of nodes of color sets .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns output of template string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  show   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ['tuned a github thestateof"{ .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   state

test:  get the last statistics of all previous statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a tarball at httpconnection .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  print   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return expected dictionary of expected dictionary keys with prefix .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if node is used as a decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  outputs an object to a file-like object .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   query
truth:  download   download

test:  encode a string into .
truth: utility function . 
test:  encode   filenames
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a vrouter as a results .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the storage everything in the object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  null   null

test:  return the location of a single call expr .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  decorator that injects the nout into one of multiple nodes .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a loader api modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  decorate a function by passing the given most recent module .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  function   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorator to restrict a view methods .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a custom token handler .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  override the time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  override   return
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse function for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   root
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that vlog() returns the exception object with a session .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string from binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return a template cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check the value of authentication config during the database .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get and remove the path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new private key with the given key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  create a text from a file and return the forbids list .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a single character in production by the given filepath .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given pivot with respect to ma .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes html characters from a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalizes   callbacks
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  wraps - find the length of a is in - i .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  wraps   check
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  request a task to be able to override tasks .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a list of n objects for request .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   n

test:  apply a service to a vm .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a user is choices .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   action

test:  sum branch that can be used to generate a branch .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  render   a
truth:  count   count

test:  is this a call to regular python script? .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  assure   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test the built-in servererror usage works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine whether nrt_decref is a list or index as a list .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this method must not exist in the redemption request parameters .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   authentication
truth:  null   method

test:  return a minimally-quoted string of a sentence .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  given   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks whether the current transaction requires a commit flag for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  when the package is a proxy tuple of the typical tests .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  return   install
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the images table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns the users user object .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  counts total input mismatch in total local tar .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  counts   mapping
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility method to get a list of job definitions .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper function to add a single type types to the ascii type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   return
truth:  string   string

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   shows
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a list of element .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format params to params dictionary for display .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  text   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate md5 hash of the specified filename .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculates a column to its type .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculates   group
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file from a path .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   find
truth:  move   move

test:  recursively rename a directory ala shutils .
truth: move a file . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  like text .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  strip   show
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the ready of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a fake example function for string_ -> "exec" .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the xml tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  parses   converts
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for required errors in header contents .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  text   null
truth:  file   file

test:  print a hist .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   demonstration
truth:  plots   plots

test:  like h5 but writes into a string .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds a new operator to the operator .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns string with comma separated by replacing each string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to initialize the probes module .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  to   string
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address as a 48-bit positive integer .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load directories which should be loaded .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger without creating the logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  get   current
truth:  returns   a

test:  find objects for a line .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  find   fasta
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if messages we give to check for certain time .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the same memory but returns false if not .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  context manager for equals a command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   find
truth:  context   context

test:  return an iterator over the target was connected to a given target target target .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  create an image instance to add a local image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  create   cover
truth:  get   size

test:  returns a string as a list .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  log   return
truth:  undoes   null

test:  tri triangle matrix for an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   part
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file id and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan a video file in a given filename .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  randomly choose a random integer .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive string and return a normalized finalized of the units and return a normalized number of one of the units .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  check   check

test:  back up the 4096 cli example: .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  close   close

test:  show the root loop from a android root .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  display   display

test:  write file creates a given path .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  file   a
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads image file and saves it to a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns a user as an email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable the post excepthook for ipython .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  null   verification
truth:  remove   remove

test:  quick check to see if the artifact tool has a case looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  inverse of most most iterations .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  null   query
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively copy a cache folder from the tree .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  overriding overriding dummy methods that should be required to raise a dummy version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  define   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a command and return its identity value .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a wrapper in a python command with tempfile .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a dict composed of the state object .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for rectangular if original point is equal to this point of the original point for backward 0 .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a given api in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  list the hosts for the given profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a sequence of length .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the size of the given object in bytes .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of median .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a list of all tests that can be used for other drivers .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run f and return f if f is not in concludes .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to integer .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  string   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse double metric for a given metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  calculate   method
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns the average clustering of a number of zeros .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply a sequence of elements to a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  repeat   open
truth:  introduce   element

test:  send a recaptcha via the recaptcha :class:pyramid .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  send   request
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove an existing team .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all compute ips belonging to a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical database variables by at least two types of compilers: compiler compiler compiler compiler by at least
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test factor .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   block
truth:  like   like

test:  create a course_id for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize error type from yaml .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  error   find
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path such as trailing element will be used with the base slash .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar rpar | ruleitem lt le char | program gt expr | program divide user | expr equals expr | program in verified .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the last line was read from the file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a new output in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  print   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm of f and return the first item in f .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  compares the hours hours stream with name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  compares   delete
truth:  stream   stream

test:  use addition split by the given node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  polygon   calculate
truth:  add   add

test:  given a pep primary partition id and a pair of gui id .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  given   app
truth:  parse   a

test:  generates the correct api hash .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  queries   queries

test:  load a higher order contractive autoencoder for a file on parameters .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  filter input in input file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  filter   otus

test:  setup all test runner runner .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  used   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a message to the ckan password in the specified document .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  function   function

test:  filter the list of files .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a cast node from the node object .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   try

test:  average pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  adds   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  ignored message to retrieve ]module directories on windows .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  train   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generates the oncedef hash for ** and ignorable pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  generates   os
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert a list of highlighted .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  show a metric metric .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  like   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that python expression evaluation evaluates a string .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  settings   test
truth:  null   values

test:  use this instead of second property or grid property .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  test get_words from best' examples .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the specified thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main collection of the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  format a github page on a listening page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  replace   timeline
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  value   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  converts a status to pargs .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  is   t

test:  returns the full database type for the query .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of required ids that are found in repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  determine the 0inds tuple of inputs .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  determine   module
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  null   crud

test:  return all runtime information about the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  uses loop to write the saved uploaded stream to stdout .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  uses   matplotlib
truth:  write   null

test:  check whether the proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export method to a raw file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the generation special arithmetic arithmetic methods to an existing collection methods .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to the 2d type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  if characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  hash -> packed encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  test set definiteness into a implementation of 0 .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   transformation
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send reports to calendar servers auto use of dnsserviceaddrecord() .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  run the inset command line interface for the file .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  run   point
truth:  build   build

test:  test the included api_key authentication based header to allow x-api-key based header to ensure the raw authentication .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  returns letters from a string or byte array .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run a command in a separate command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a new copy file and use with the target config .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that you can be removed with a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by the resource .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  load an image from the given image and respond with a given listener .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  load   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract the first locales in the given locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller for given prefix .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more entities from the given datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using binary .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  convert any ip address string to 'launched .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if x is a valid curve of the point contains the sympy curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   a

test:  decide constant value to call the given broadcastable .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  enable the kdt test data .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  locate   implementation
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the input reader .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url of url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  print the hook vocabulary as a string .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  print   send
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution of the tukey entries in x .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   pivot
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the current file or compiled config files .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   args
truth:  get   get

test:  main function for cleaning up git version of git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  git   entry
truth:  launch   launch

test:  clear all database entries into a cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  assume   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator for unpickling an principal revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  get all of the data from every file .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  safely delete a field on a block .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  strip endpoint from the projects named path and return it .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  strip   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the registered user model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random individuals crossover crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  standard out the user and configs page if user has to run a refund template page is complete .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all apps that are currently configured for this application .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  get   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump all the executable attributes from the python interpreter .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  execute   python
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a set of strings .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return not return not return not return a different pointer .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  always return the elements of the given x .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  rc4   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  grab a module and the minimum module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  opens and returns a unique hash object .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create a linear start of tuples as a list of length n .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit commit to tree .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if a given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  run supervisorctl against known files via the rabbitmq-plugins method cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  run   tox
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert lists into json data .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  cache   items
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a single group .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sum f for rational number f .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to compile the command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  run   routine
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  test whether an path is initialized .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  make   null

test:  attempts to get a monitor page .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   infinite

test:  returns initialized home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   location

test:  return the correct password according to a module or raise .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  call this command with an arguments .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  call   kpsewhich
truth:  make   a

test:  test with matplotlib image .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  population a list of tuples .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the repositorynotfound can be created from a valueerror .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  get albuminfo output describing rsync letters .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  format   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the time in integer since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   current

test:  start a running system .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  start   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a given interval to mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is called to skip tests to pass to a decorator .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  define   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  given a list of categorical .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  given   function
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently destroy a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert an most many template with a custom template .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gradient the gradient of the hamiltonian that correspond to the file .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url to the given rss .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   url
truth:  posts   posts

test:  call x .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  setting   parameter_declaration
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   maximum
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns the application features .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return power of p t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the database tables as a string .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  "dir" "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  null   certificates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lookup the list of tuples returns active vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change the stderr output to stdout and the interpreter in the given mystderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  change   usage
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for options that can be parsed by older .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency matrix from a datetimes .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  returns true if and only if the equality are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a default diff dictionary including the files .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   null

test:  simulates out methods in the series/index from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  simulates   sets
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username over the gradients .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  halt the data from ufunc .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  null   bind
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the common architecture setting for the system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clears globally installed cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads the contents of the specified source file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the specified kernel has a super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  setup loop over entropy .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  set four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a method to wrap a method in the redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  usage   usage

test:  add the consists of a path for the app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  if   install
truth:  if   null

test:  compare cache .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check if the specified table exists on the specified table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  default function for creating the deindent .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  main method for handling collection hook .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  config   null
truth:  command   command

test:  for the current request .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  discovery a file and client .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   output
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that the proxy option or writing are present and type this function .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 by equate .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a version string that can be used to return a version number with the highest promotion .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   version
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random api string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy function to find out what now have been used .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  stub   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the specified pipeline .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  simple wrapper for the existence of a jinja2 revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets any data for a block .
truth: given a field . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new transformation of words .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  short to short color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper for getting a template .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  null   display
truth:  return   return

test:  open a file dialog and return the message .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   purpose
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  new - install a role class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a context .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a string to a phone base number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  given a namedtuple .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  null   data
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  initializes   get
truth:  pick   installer

test:  gets a message specification .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the phone service notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a version of table as a table whose keys are as a new line .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a new locale object for a given locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert datetime object to an bootstrap_formset format .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find megam .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  unset   gcode
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  converts a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download a managed setuptools file .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the data in xml html parser .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  method to format the function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  transform   template
truth:  return   a

test:  test parsing of fails .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  expect   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  coerce value to a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  value   null
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  insert a number of messages into the most similar messages .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the given word with a word .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list of user ids .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return the partitions for a given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator iterates over source nodes in a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  advised   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  generates a set of files for a specific collection .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield all the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create the attribute classes defined in a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  does a package throw an indented indented indented on boot cli example: .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds the collection with any units in the given unit data .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  null   values
truth:  given   a

test:  visualize documents for start'] .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  documents   function
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this function is currently connected mail .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check a string as cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  check   product
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return true if source is a shortest set in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of available rows .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  builds an http error code with a capital matrix .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   create

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  build   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  takes a list of data hash hash and expand into a single hash value .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run the command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  example: example: .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a message and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  given a valid vpc table or name .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect if text should be eol characters in text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  if   filter
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   models

test:  return a list of fix fix fix for the given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the not"%s"' value is a valid dictionary .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text into an html string .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  text   implementation
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the template prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an keras tensor variable to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   sparse
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string of an element with one utc .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return a python integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a ~astropy .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  gets   problem
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempts to clean the url of the logger associated with logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  injects   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the value for a key in the user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return the current request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document to make it easier to a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  cast value of a warning .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  value   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get a list of all models for all models in this boolean .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a search feature into a list of features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   a
truth:  request   request

test:  only prints epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  draw   epochs
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list keys starting with the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  tokenize line from macro source file .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  output   line
truth:  return   line

test:  get the saved indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  get   indentation
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in degrees .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that a function or name is valid .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  return empty and return the content is on url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  load   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the shell command with arguments and return its output linode .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  format attribute in builtins .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset from asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   endpoint
truth:  del   a

test:  list containers in each inventory .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the current user has permission to reload the recurse .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  get the bracket string .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostats .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate groups like absolute .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize the given line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   whitespace
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find child nodes with errors that match child nodes .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   fixture
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the flush .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   statements
truth:  insert   insert

test:  print the output of files in the zip directory .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to pretty-print a dictionary mapping "value" to their supplied encoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make a dns palette that can be added as a color .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  name   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module modules from the sys .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop all containers matching containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  iterate   paths
truth:  ensure   null

test:  probability of dotted .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an object by name .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove html script .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  returns a list of exercises associated with the given content .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   mail
truth:  return   a

test:  copy all existing source space between src to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given image image in dir: .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return timeline of the doc document for linked packages .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a class class .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  subscribes a user to an exploration .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  subscribe   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves all python modules listed in a given package .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open filename outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  assert that the dn form a tuple with populated .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds attributes to an instance in zero and pyname that should be defined .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  return true if s is a return value .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   test
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare chisquare for the specified qurl distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator for creating a new instance of cls .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sends a message to the server .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the systems window to use .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   float
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  input   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes the inverse of a vector field defined by svd .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  store   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a network device with the specified network .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at node .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker installer for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this generator generates the polynomial non-unc .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   in
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of value .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete emails mail .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from an existing container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given an html string if it is valid .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a json representation of the value .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display all repositories from the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   uses
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the specific user as belonging to a student in the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an httpresponse with the requests .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the value from target_dir is well formatted or http(s) graph .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  look up an dumpe2fs per second per second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  look   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  performs deseq2vs normalization on a given pmf and return json representation .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  performs   page
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  like container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the 3 mean of an infinite transformation to use in identity transform .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  process   compute
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  list all available network databases user the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  run   run
truth:  return   return

test:  parses and calls an expression that were parsed from this cli example: .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  is   pkg

test:  if path is available .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  if   change
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to ensure exception generates an exception message and raises an exception if the api fails .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  translate   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  convert a dictionary with keys from one or more keys to be an iterator .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  convert   merge
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  generate correct node for registered node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  build   page

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  run   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  helper function to add arguments to given function name .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  function   pull
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install the output of a system via the import config .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stop or start a running command on a given job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  determine   obj
truth:  checks   checks

test:  start the global mochadservice point .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  start   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a list of text away from a schema to detect the current configuration .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  output   arguments
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and display it .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  get   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a minion by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return a list of the intersection states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  return   work
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator for api methods which ensures that the synthetic resource methods in db .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  sets the standarddir arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  initialize   jedi
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a serialized description string for the given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  a context manager to get a ccx and decrypt a given course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test gre summary with a given ccx(s) .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  model   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a new page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  send   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string that does not contain any urls .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create all running tests with a particular key:value .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  checks   render
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  test rules with the same name rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  rules   shortcut
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to disable translation language segments .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   helper
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  helper function to get initial output format from datetime output .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  function   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  'version' -> .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  decodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  hash   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a search engine or search string .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a string filepath .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  returns the target module of an installed module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the current transport from the current vowel-consonant if were characters .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  selects   dict
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move for all items from the lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  preceeded all migrations in the given glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  scans   everything
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a dictionary for a specific backend .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  set the assets for all assets with the given asset value .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  order   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  for hypergeometric .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   occurrences
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  call a version of the specified command .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on solaris with solaris .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if resource was valid .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  analyzes   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing of docker off .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   reload
truth:  testing   testing

test:  given a value .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into password the scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  gets a function by replacing all the installed command .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a file into a bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create topology array mapping file to a given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  dump   use
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  add a add object trees to an determinant .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  add   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  add a series of scalars to all xml files in gluster .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  add   null
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the applied to strip any mac os device info .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update an taskinfo object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   set
truth:  packs   a

test:  print out the nginx '## information about this the file .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create snake operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   up
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return true if the process with windows id is running under the process .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry of series .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last time .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the upper distances between matrix and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  a signal to save changes to password state .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  to   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list with all the first item in the pattern using matched non-overlapping .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if host is sunos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a following line .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  order   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the authentication information about the request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  extract   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an html attributes by attribute .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a wsgi tool shed tool from the dynamic filename .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a statusbar and warning with empty number .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   traffic

test:  build the html string to be used as an around echo .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  removes a pointer to a pointer device .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  stop config .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  applies   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the module and module this is actually used in the astropy class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return available output from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the row-matrix from a list .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  -> value sub_dataset -> zero .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   part

test:  remove quotes and mac newlines to a filter in a filter specified to lowercase variable .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  remove   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  convert data to aes .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  process   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  copy the supplied issue when github api call .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  copy   utility
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to get grains from the proxied server .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  execute   cycle
truth:  get   get

test:  print a string of expressions and turn it into a sympy expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 8 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  create a new dict with keys from d .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  replace a files by name .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the grains from the selected datastore client .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  function   function

test:  format e-mail e-mail as a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   html
truth:  format   a

test:  compute the svals wavelets transform .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can check the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a string appropriate for the given menu .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples when only one layer is a figure .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  cross   cross

test:  load a module or " .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an html representation for a full css file containing all active versions human-readable versions .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   html
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file from one word to another .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   writing
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests calling a user .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  mimic   view
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup the hikkake to sphinx .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  stubs   up
truth:  detach   program

test:  push a zmq url .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  push   gdb
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator that converts a function to a upstream method like older saved ones .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  this calls the windows interface or salt-run port .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   url
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that the given object is for the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  return formatters of formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  output   helper
truth:  null   formatter

test:  create a {'input' task task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete to the text from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  to   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  used as a method with a decorator that takes a decorator and returns a single wsgi window .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  decorate   purpose
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the daemon limit on a set of inputs .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given the value for each field in obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return 'nfs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   quota
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check the given text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  input   response
truth:  check   check

test:  checks if the start of a module node in a batched way .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses a given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: ptarget this plugin requires the jenkins osfstorage html reports and job thats the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:github framework .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  write a registered message containing the contents of the given text .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the weights table .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates and suppress arguments .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   gl
truth:  initialize   null

test:  adds an existing event code to the named event code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  like repr() .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  has   js

test:  update the current engine serializer to multiple .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  initialize   force
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is valid syslog .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long to a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   function
truth:  look   up

test:  remove the mtime list from the path .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of existing regexp list .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  return   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detect 'browser' attributes from the resize and return a dict .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  like   stop
truth:  if   null

test:  returns list of languages languages from global translation dict .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce encoding of a comment file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the polygon by loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parse all environment to the argparse tree .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  running   running

test:  verify calling methods using plotting class should be able to have an inheritance class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  calling   no
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the last data needed to use .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   data

test:  load and load the affine .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  load   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of public data .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a shell command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the literal of expression in the expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  uses checking for configuration .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  using   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  check to see if a vpc routes is valid or case-insensitive tables .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard to a slice function .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log log message at the given line .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a dragonfly tag matching the specified tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  map   replaces
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of a user in group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of module names given path .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls insert_editor_css .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a certificate version of cert_path .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the user has been marked as defined in studio .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  elementwise hinge function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  elementwise   statement
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse and return a list of tags from an xml tree .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the files that can be installed on the machine cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trying to parse a bucket in an reproducible .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections to async download totals .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  get the serialized url for the current request .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  get   query
truth:  null   negation

test:  split host or list of hosts on each port from a sequence of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for the given model .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  loads   doctype
truth:  get   frappe

test:  load and pickles a background file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   a
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the current beacon string in a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension b : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  given a list of errors .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  yield   null

test:  this generator returns an iterator of frames .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  prefix   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the process with the given pid using the given pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  generate a rendered ssh member can generate the user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  wrap   check
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the cascade speaker-related .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create an auto-proxy client for usage by id .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that tokenize are valid .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return the minimum value for any of the argument .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic product of degree .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  format datetime object as a timestamp string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  this code will code all exceptions that wants the given traceback .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   code
truth:  save   current

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a directory .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas frame .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create connections for all classes which are in node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the normal loglikelihood contained in the normal distribution .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  creates a standard www-authenticate challenge challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  creates   counts
truth:  generate   generate

test:  removes the rules of the given rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the default commands for a specified path cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  trigger   set
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send a template to a template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   task
truth:  send   multipart

test:  return the most classical e-mail associated with the given ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the first line of the given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores restores a logger with some math in the logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  dumps   correct
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns an absolute path for the given path .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to an includes['urls']params or a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expands function to expand the runtime-editable of the original config file .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine if the given encoding name is valid and return the python encoding or none if the name doesnt start correctly .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   null

test:  write sequence of sequences from the given fasta filepath .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  encode a url encode to a similar shape .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  like   a
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  identify the user to enter this if the request is not implemented .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  user about page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  given non-nan floats or equal to got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  return file path of systemd to destination .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  file   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from key to cur_time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   float
truth:  return   difference

test:  returns a list of roles that the project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  for each vertex plus x at x .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  using   x
truth:  null   null

test:  convert supported image to the reading .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  process   process

test:  returns execution turned on a pull request .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to simulates an email address over a specified server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  export tsv to stdout .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  dataset   image
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  load replication data .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  load   command
truth:  lookup   a

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   set
truth:  provides   null

test:  batched insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  return a 2d view for an apiproxystub .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  return   view
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish all published dictionaries based on page .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  compile   child
truth:  published   create

test:  delete a directory cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a specific ruby version .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  takes chown content and returns the full backup backup backup .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  create a module and give it to full database .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a certificate from certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a list of all permissions for the given role .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  return   roles
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of releases for start in start .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   version
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to summary method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  copy an image with a structuring image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  create   point
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   null

test:  apply previous fastq data request .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe the user about each task .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   user

test:  returns a list of unique elements of x .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  version of dyadic polynomials .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  run a file and return its dependents output .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  running   handles
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  loads a file and return parsed locales object as a dict for each file .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true if the given option by selected options are currently selected select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selects   a

test:  given a module and a fuzzy module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  import   a

test:  create the unescaped .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute the leading pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shut down the connection .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shut   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the redis options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test shell class .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the provided content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a subset of intersection of the vectors that can for an array of nodes in the data .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  null   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove a single job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the rights for this model .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a dict describing npz .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  this decorator till that converts a function for python 2 .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test if cache data when cache is not activated data .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next hour in the hour lists is farther after subtracting the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper to handle execution container .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  extract a signed file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  read   a

test:  modify a url to create a url .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  formats a header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  formats   data
truth:  null   frame

test:  add the list of handlers to every project .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish liveaction into an actionexecution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  indices   get
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as belonging to the given course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an html response body for a python response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  the review page .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  post   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  takes the given c{unicode} string that is using the [app]/translations/[lang] specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  remove   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all instances of a user .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic window for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  exit loggers .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  specified   facts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the media previously set .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  get   count
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for the pip command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   commands
truth:  help   help

test:  return the location of a publisher with the specified location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  like   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template string that first content with namespace .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  get the minimum service name cli example: .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  get   service
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  returns a string or depend on a class instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  d^2 a list of available entry that performing password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  process   reset
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 parts of 3 parts into unix data .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   behavior

test:  find the simple vector between get_tuple_coords and v .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  find   n
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a status message to the minion .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  bind the command to the appropriate command command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  init   routine
truth:  enables   readline

test:  change the jacobian and replace change by primary resource values .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a cluster size in bytes into a cluster and integer values .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that we can fit a sphere .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   parallel
truth:  if   check

test:  return the right log of a vector .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to if a given value is not equal to its pdf .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set_type : 'byte' or string .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  get url from a service .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a hash digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a menu .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   member

test:  return the event for a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  given   data
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data using the gzip content encoding f .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   decodes
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge all the specified object or a query .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   requests
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull media name from function name return of media .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  always include hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  filter   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  the cli example: .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   option
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a message to a dict of server to that do the room server headers .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return string listing valid date arguments themselves .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a call to session .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  raises   template
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   values
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a topojson string into a list of ascii values .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   units
truth:  given   a

test:  like vty .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  like   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the type of the proxy settings .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   number

test:  activity controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   activity

test:  render a template with context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  format   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns the version string for the given version .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a slightly different api for use in tests .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  a command line for the command line search .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  command   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate font font based on mac columns of a font object .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   num
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator used to skip a method with a single fresh .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  take index from a document and an iterable .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  index   accept
truth:  to   helper

test:  return 303 color over rgb space conversion .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given a list of clauses in the string s .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number of time in seconds since a epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer | various integer | various newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  for use as an integer .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts any true/false value to a boolean or raise .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  this is a helper function to get rid of a and b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  assume   return
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a url to the api resource .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  records batch client for the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly linear values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  remove the console file .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the minion config file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  override the remote instance of source files .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  use   set
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  truncate various event settings only if a setting table is a new event object .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  account   notify
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   a

test:  stub to give field labels from the human readable form .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   find
truth:  default   html

test:  overrides the correct template modules .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the smallest variance of the data .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  is   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create an master master stream .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test for translation .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  like   like

test:  check if a service is available .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  if   equality
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify whether a given method is currently in the given method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  do   attempt
truth:  pads   null

test:  list all messages for a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  list   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  identity identity version of the filesystem .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the alignment distance between two numbers .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  deprecated: add values to the most most suitable for most most most recent values .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  redirects   return
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert a message to use index value through a python int .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  dev logical image tensor based on passed to assertion .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run for events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  return a tar contents of the pillar specified by running pillar cli example: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  demonstrates lt .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  get   cputime
truth:  return   cputime

test:  load and return configuration dictionary from the configuration .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  config   config

test:  set the sum of an active limit .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the data value for the given encoding name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the first network cookies for tests .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the pem for multiple random pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method to format a module into the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  custom page operators before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   records
truth:  retain   null

test:  returns a set of tokens in container .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  check whether a host is in the 180 .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  tests   switch
truth:  run   core

test:  converts a kelvin .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  given a string of bytes .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  given   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete a service with the details delete .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the c[u] communicability matrix of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  changes the default may generate the default time when one exists .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the image files contained in cache .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   json

test:  ensure we dont do anything .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  ensure   attempts
truth:  issue   issue

test:  extracts all active games from each interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   limit
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version string from version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  deprecated rotate .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  intended   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the first item of the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume entry .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper function that creates a topojson distribution .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  create   create

test:  load values from x .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  return the valid sub-indices of sos .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve numa information from the current process and returns the numa found in the given pid as numa source code .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the test case of the module loads only installed .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  return a generator to csv files .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  obl quadrature .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  save cache for registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   password
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path given as a file system path; for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  returns   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  verifies that the api matches the specified api log returns a string as a number of api that raise a specified api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the effective filters from the current process .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to generate a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get pairs describing truncated .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of the length s with s .
truth: s: string . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the callable .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   figure
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a == b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  do   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute source and its mapping to stdout .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   a
truth:  maps   maps

test:  build the tarball dataset in filepath .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  build   return
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq virtual host exists name name name of the virtual host to remove runas policy .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compares function .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all requests found in kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   http
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a dictionary of u'unknown' .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  opens a new 3-d .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy tarball data .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a static formatted number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  returns   phonenumber
truth:  formats   a

test:  like l{chr} but for escaping .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  like   get
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  generate rendered website directories .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  log   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns all the key-value separated header in header based on header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the value of transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  dot interface to convert math to long zero .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  test that fail if a setup fails .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for a left check on polynomials .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if an empty string is no results .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  check   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the string to use in configuring .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  return   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the lighter-weight included .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the computes the user-specified elements of a list of params[i] .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get a an invalid container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   run
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  convert color to an array with color .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  color   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root tree of a node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  collects mean and standard deviation .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  null   method

test:  combine our mapping of matrices to searches parameters .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  use the root test to go through a given cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  make   a
truth:  let   null

test:  e for an interface which builds lines from an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all vifs .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the modules in the jinja thread .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  runs   details
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that can \n\n'if the analysis set realm=myrealm to a given attributes .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   properties
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate checksum of commands checksum .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   -
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing of raw positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  control   test
truth:  test   test

test:  aux function for setting a uri .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  make   function
truth:  check   window

test:  create a copy of reference fields .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of two node sets of graph items .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a single weight file handle to an undohandle .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  parse   deserialize
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a dictionary of remainder pairs .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  create a regex object from a node using the subscription .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  create   format
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing as a egg .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  formats the source diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  return all installed versions of all installed versions cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   return
truth:  running   running

test:  create a n:m instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if obj looks like unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that makes a function to handle to the wrapped function .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the node that has line number of the node from .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  retrieve the query dict of logged in this machine .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  returns path to the path in the given dir .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  find   a

test:  if a given sqlalchemy session is present .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set a tab in the type of either sql or processs path .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  set   multiple
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote argument to use for remote urls .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  null   command
truth:  set   app

test:  sets the current user to add confirmation headers to that no account .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  teardown   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return xprotect information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads the uploads uploads .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  corrs -> array of normalized probabilities note: this is a specific account or an input matrix multiplication .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  array   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a dd-wrt name and return a boolean name for a musicbrainz bucket containing the following src="/files/" - docker>=1 .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns a key unique types .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial and composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  set the best match for the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  set   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse a pep object .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  used to update bti plugin metadata .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  to   directories
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the paths for a given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unquote the given document .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  unquote   query
truth:  null   null

test:  tensor of array w : int .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  get the most appropriate cart cart from the request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  check that all element from theano situations is the same results as being zero .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  an iterator over a stream of mime .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a custom tasks stub .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  setup an zeroconf tuplevariable .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   try
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds file in different project name .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  validate a docker client against the specified connection .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement function that returns encryption on application .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  run   function
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the list of exploration codes sorted in the given list of services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: for issue #1256 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   utility
truth:  set   set

test:  compute hard-sigmoid loss between axis .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  downloads the group id or a file returns false if gid .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load and return the mimetype .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   polynomial
truth:  file   file

test:  wrap threads for memoryerror .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  wrap   probability
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the attribute names for an attribute .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   comments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieve all of the views under the course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  gets a compiler compiler with --version .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  make   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random string of "length" digits .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  replace tab with specified name in the system .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  just like warning: but the complete api out of a given user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  take   decorator
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  read mean average from the given image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  read   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  temperature   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  render the 500 web page .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   category
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the domain for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  make a wsgi application which will connect to that server because of them .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the datastore datastore path with the given name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> int like find but return the methods found in s when the substring is not found the substring .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the row and return a delete dictionary for delete since delete .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  require a windows xml functions .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  get   export
truth:  xml   xml

test:  exclude public output of one of the recognized of value whose keys are in a list of capitalized brackets .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  exclude   check
truth:  keep   null

test:  given a sequence of elements to first func args .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an absolute website url for the specified api .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  creates   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  disable all repositories in the pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  disable   try
truth:  enable   enable

test:  display a 301 url according to the module given the path .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a single vector of xs and options .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  groupsum covariance matrix for time series parameters arrays : int number of times a results of time series for which we have a : int .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  check additional sql code to sqlite3 .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  look   new
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  dump any imports in the given hash .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  time   function
truth:  list   list

test:  source_url - / .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   list
truth:  null   path

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  register   a

test:  prompt() appends - prefix output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show a helpful if src is handled in the new destination .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  show   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the credit card data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets a registration from registration xml element and log it to the first registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   node

test:  replace all of the rules in a variable .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  try   try

test:  create only the list of indices needed to create an always implicitly .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test for equivalent of numpy samples .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a string representing the various api using few dates .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  generates   use
truth:  given   a

test:  take a tar span files in examines format .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  take   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache feature to be disabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  change   run
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the id for a table contains a foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  load   rest
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns all document information filled with node which are found in the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   color
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return true if the value is a valid dns string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename into extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  put the path of the fileindirectory folder .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  like   path
truth:  get   a

test:  ensure its easy to test the base types works if the type of a number .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  submit to require a test database .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a shortcut for an action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare filesystem to mounted job templates .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   method
truth:  called   null

test:  save a file system .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  save   class
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar url for a given email address .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  parse the main function to call the commands line from the bokeh server .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  parse   set
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby implementation to connect to all loaded .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all enabled log log files directly .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  log   configure
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that the root directory is installed .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   records
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  ensure that accessing a mutable for a field causes if its not mark the field .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a rendering template string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  consumes   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the module or create a string representing the minimum kernel for https .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  get   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  set the cookie for the current request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  set   request
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   custom
truth:  return   return

test:  start openstack service group .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  start   vector3
truth:  testing   testing

test:  compute the relative mean of a vector .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update the order of columns to be modified .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   set

test:  compare dipole data .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  test   len

test:  verify that last objects are valid .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  test   test

test:  show the pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  dummy function for the first colon which include a method on the given node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  given   null

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f and write it to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   univariate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into an array of path components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  validate the specified config files .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  map   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user has entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   rheader
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds for the case where none is an error and 0 is valid .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   guess
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all the items in a string with the given '[\\x .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  queries a list of indices that indicate the specified length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  predicate   approximation
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split code into inline docstring .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  code   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get the progress container key from the pool .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   object
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively collects all values in d2 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function returns true if the axis of the array x with the same shape .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the start and starts up together .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  block   block

test:  returns true if the formset is a valid bool warning .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write previous directory if it may have been removed .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  destroy   data
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with root filename .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure hosts defined in command .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  all items in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves best order symbols using the substitution u_2 coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network domain object by its name or id .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the default tag that can be used to authenticate .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  return a data file handle raw .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes text .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of plugin extension in the given plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute auto approximation of datapoints .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a varint expression value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a tar object from a tar file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   file
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  given   return
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a bootstrap cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads the given url and returns the resulting url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  given   null

test:  call this template and return a celery application .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  call   run
truth:  configures   configures

test:  takes a string of whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  text   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns mtime stats from the given path .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  to   click
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  expand tests to allow definitions to override tests using signature .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  validate the options: of request metadata or return .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ information about the cosine of a set of allocempty usage .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  model   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a dictionary as a single call for the given follower .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete all deleted from a given container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  adds the song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   song

test:  if the tuple does not create an cov_matrix that correspond to the database when one of the elements of the icrs<->gcrs but it will be sorted .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load all output from the current cursor .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get value from function set and community changes .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns an array of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   example
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function to be expressed in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  implement   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the s3 bucket cache file and cache requests .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  return   read
truth:  to   connect

test:  test reading a table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   table
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists in the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   method
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to bypass a fake http request .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  append   a

test:  run the vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  finds and return the freezing of a given line .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  function   decode
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  string   string

test:  return the 1d matrix of an array .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  return   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns all iso common iso nodes of graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a course for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators in the expression .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that measures the ignored function as a deferred .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a readout set to the given readout .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  function   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  imports the class specified by import_path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  configures rpm/sla users on the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  removes   users

test:  title-case matched text metadata functions .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the configured lxc path for path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a status value .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   product
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  helper for imediately .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  load configuration from normal option value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  remove   code
truth:  copies   copies

test:  send information about a single device cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  block   block

test:  execute the maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  execute   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that the signature of a certificate is valid .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the theme css has been resolved as the full url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  find the number of occurrences of a tweet with at least two letters .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  find   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  generate ids in the _update_certificate_context() flag .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  generate   name
truth:  find   find

test:  set the segment by offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  transform   history
truth:  set   set

test:  convert the given filedigest string of a hex string to hex hex string of the rgba plus hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the temporary directory path name for the file path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  copy space-separated .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  copy   rest
truth:  run   testcase

test:  gets all uppercase urls contained in the given task requests .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  used   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  a 'dimmustbelessorequalthantheoriginaldimension'data which gets the two continuous calls to object .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data to a scope .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  load   module
truth:  get   get

test:  test to see if a list of expected items are not a list or not .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  to   assert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about the user status returns true if successful .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are force a switches additions to modify the rabbitmq guest additions .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for creating a admx policy .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  list all user ids .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  returns a tuple to a pointer random integer .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  reset   chocolatey
truth:  get   get

test:  log of 2d image using byte1byte2 .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  log   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  null   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert a pil .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  using   mapreduce
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  simulate all positional and scheduled tasks .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the best tests for the given cpu .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all known item needs to make sure the distributions source files are supported .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   p4
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  get the last update links for the entire link .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   sequences
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer params for service .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   states
truth:  track   states

test:  replace linux response body from the given line .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  replace   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over nodes in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k <= n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   float
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if arg is fully appropriate for the given arg .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper for process .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  tuple   hash
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read the summary of a file and return the payment filename .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   verifies
truth:  read   feature

test:  converts a sequence of elements to the given sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  empty   a

test:  notify to end emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  notify   test
truth:  email   email

test:  three slice expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  set   function
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables these __*__ __loader__ __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   point
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the array along an axis of an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  null   range

test:  main function for executing results through the named function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   label
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if port can be checked .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url to the http server .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  make sure that obj is of valid .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  make   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the 1997 array for the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  log   sum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the encoding used by the given encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  null   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  computes the standard deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  clusters   returns
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a github folder .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  shift   log
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of names of this module names for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  creates   preface
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the last line of the provided width .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  log   function
truth:  return   return

test:  run username for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  run   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lowpass butterworth filter to a lowpass filter from analog .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  given a list of increasing .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> timeout run all the effect of a network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  if the given module has any squaring that would set .
truth: given a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a string bridge .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  make   a
truth:  input   number

test:  returns the uh from the request contained to raise a standard exception if set .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  returns   records
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the specified result as country code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a user string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  generate a gravatar avatar for the user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if a given addon exists .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import an module for a given module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   return
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that imports are not part .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize sys .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  define   fixture
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start the thorium .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file path into a relative path and return sys .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the trailing coefficient of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  return   irreducibility
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  returns a testcase describing a list of strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   version

test:  send network device to the network device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  logging   script
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator for views which adds headers to a response object .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an array of non-zero matrices of x by interrogating .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  apply a function to the given instance .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  moment elements of a distribution parameters using the moment distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  returns the ifname on all interfaces .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  full path to .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  format   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for range of lines for range .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum components of the path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install the windows disk profiles .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   install
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of tuples from the web web pattern .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  whether the password has been set by the api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  make   null

test:  simple test for units that use a valid curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the correct files serve page .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional delete a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a database exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieves all the kb dashboard for the destination .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  retrieves   handler
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  perform a gls bigip using the xlsx2py transform .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  perform   dictionary
truth:  null   component

test:  add a system .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   collection
truth:  add   add

test:  make the current time zone as utc .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic and all its entries .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  test if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   group
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply derivative of the hyperbolic hyperbolic relu function for each hyperbolic .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  parse the last axes of the current axes .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  gets   x
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the given image rootfs .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the given python command .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  =   display
truth:  performs   a

test:  checks an array of allowed .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  checks   context
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get a list of libc .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  save   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstall for flocker information .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the strict urls for the given memcached .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a leading/trailing .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert x into a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http error add to work for threads .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  flush   set
truth:  function   function

test:  update one or more error note: this function does not operate .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  the smallest root pair of rsa padded .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   buckets
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing hash .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  compare   test
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parses the infiles line containing one or more line and lists .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  convert   parser
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  deletes all environment variables with one or more groups set .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check that type is human-readable and .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   implements
truth:  return   a

test:  get the matrix representing a setting .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  make   urls

test:  option an image by profiler .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  =   features
truth:  features   features

test:  test normal chain with a previously set listens .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  venonats   use
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  applicationnodedeployer call the permission on the connection .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  enumerates   transformation
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  expand the database to every table of the table .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  sets   database
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled triangle mesh to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   profile
truth:  add   add

test:  check if a css should be present in the list of available selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   x
truth:  return   return

test:  validation preprocessing based on ssl paths .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  null   create
truth:  build   build

test:  check for use in line .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   uuid
truth:  look   null

test:  verify that a url parsed by urls are the same as being used .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  verify   url
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is called to test the expected value of the model .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  extract   x

test:  replace special characters that are always return hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the executable version of an sqlite location and the number of autocorrelation .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   counting

test:  update request .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  object   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the uri located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  force handler to log requests to the current error .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   offset
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a string to a kind of *nix characters .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get a repositories from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask a message from the answer event .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  form   show
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator for views that returns the slug as version string .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the user is completed .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator api requests which checks the api resource type .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  define   helper
truth:  use   use

test:  show an status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add or create a batch in listen .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  add   basestring
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  wrapper for the denoiser corrs algorithm compute the cluster ratio of each entry in a .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  normalize raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  use   test
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a status object to a compound .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  converts   mock
truth:  checks   checks

test:  infrastructure' add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  returns html as a string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder from a 2-d matrix .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   string
truth:  null   in

test:  helper function to get an datastore namespace or fail if namespace is a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract the given list of tags from a given file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer should not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not use multi-dimensional
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  assert axis label with a prefetch_related_objects label axis .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the organization of a report .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  take   connect
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync the current apps in all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  given an instance of account .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  given   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set up the z-wave platform .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  offer a utf-8 string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  given   a

test:  process the name of a __all__ index file .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  process   try
truth:  host   host

test:  create a message on a rfc stub .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return url of google cloud storage .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  add a module to new module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  import   module
truth:  add   a

test:  test helper to compare an html report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   check
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  encrypts   stream
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  set the views to views as redis views .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   a
truth:  convert   image

test:  get the received repository for the given repository and its dependencies .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  log a message and sentry .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  pack   warnings
truth:  needed   null

test:  require a desired url for the current context .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a dict containing the local json file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the virtual disk size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  increase   image

test:  show text in a httpresponse .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  show   a
truth:  render   a

test:  computes the list of batches of a list of candidates .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  recursively unpack a string .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  validates a value as a list of values .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  validates   update
truth:  update   a

test:  retrieves the session session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return path to module messages .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  start the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  start   run
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  test that an array of any potentially or arrays to make sure that numpy was not a numbers .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  replace spaces to a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  replace   force
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return a list of all styles .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  output   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry a function returning a set of exceptions that are not implemented in tuple of the function .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   execution
truth:  executes   null

test:  helper function to build the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate and format a string for all choices .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value for the given value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the interfaces options cli example: .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get date from the datastore .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   values

test:  returns context variables parquet by current header .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  context   social
truth:  extract   null

test:  safely decodes a string to a python object .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  truncates   null

test:  return a tuple such that pyglet argument = 0 .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given identity pool string .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  return up to encoding in a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  return   up
truth:  round   method

test:  returns a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a constructed response data for both the login and refresh the login attribute .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images and decorator .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a unique image properties for the given flavor key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if the specified upstart name is disabled in the specified environment cli example: .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns whether a package name matches the given package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  package   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  reduce a given attribute with given workers and task workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a png dictionary for the buildenv .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make a strings into a string .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return average for each circle .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  return   function
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  remove the numbers of text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a set of the options to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate location for the segment .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a options dictionary with document .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   a

test:  build a context manager used to generate the specified module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  build   manager
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from sequence preserving order originally by dave kirby .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   use
truth:  return   a

test:  returns on dimension size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  gets a time from cpu config .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  gets   time
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build a list of paths for the sqlite3 .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor this plugin allows us to the build site .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   aggregate
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing release record .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert g+c into key/value pair .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided item .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   correct
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from file with unified encoding .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  change configuration to a new password .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  endpoint   calls
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  converts a single ip address and return a tuple of the model prefix .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the full path to the file .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the image vertically - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed packages on this system cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  imports a module if path not to the given module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  imports   module
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled u'reference' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns the remote model attribute of a model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a == b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get reference to the vlan with the interface specified .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns object keys whose th are in a sequence of api .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  text   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the adjacency matrix of the graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the application from the stack data .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a dataverse instance and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  attempts to check if metadata is in a module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  to   set
truth:  assert   assert

test:  parse a string as a censor character .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  standardises   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return descriptions from person unicode strings .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  extract   code
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all local databases files available for the remote server .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  list   file
truth:  files   files

test:  adds any json data to a dict of categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  stats   stats
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a series of the series modulo a number of digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a flat list of flat keys in the first item at the start of v .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  convenience function to return the longest normal form .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a bit maximum distance between 0 .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names and extract the available mechanism of this mechanism .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  gets the rank summary domain manager starting with the given number of hosts .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities of text objects .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  method for describing a repository and its dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  translation_unit : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   declarator
truth:  start   start

test:  use paging to connect to a replay .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   data
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  for compatibility .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator that catches exceptions or sequence of exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print the field ids for the current indentation to stdout .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  print   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds a container spec based on source object .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an item to a list of objects .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  dictionary   iterable
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to string with valueerror entities and return it as a python object .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  string   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  escape html characters .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  sets all modules in list given dask warning: this is a unicode string .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  set   use
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a list of count available on the given user .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  count   count
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a file based on the given host and the optional one .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  use   mkdir
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a random subset of k .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due extension stored on the student :return: a given user .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a baseline linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection and close to the global connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test fif file .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  convert a safe graph or tuple .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a view view of the document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a user object .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  compute core norm of a chain of the simple inches matrices .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting task errors from a task .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a unique versions for display .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the flips matrix of the arrays along the bounds .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to format data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical volume group by the final volume group this function is valid .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate up array of var(p) process from which nested data points to avoid stage factors .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for integer n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  function   approximation
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   add
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the bookmarks of a given user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   bind
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a new exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  output   register
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  retry for logging .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  retry   up
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  =   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily assert a signal handler in the datastore .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  context   context

test:  setup all exception in given period .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   run

test:  compile the pattern matches the front and returns a boolean .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume list of entities .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  validates a color by the positive or x .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  validates   column
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the measure position of the backward .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a verified value .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  given   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a test case .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test for duplicate duplicate text for text behaves through text for text with inputs and let .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a rdbms engine object from django .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  print a file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  print   information
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  obj   like
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the reduced line from y .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  get a list of extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  grants to return the first line of a list of text times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  to   find
truth:  converts   a

test:  turn a parameter to a longer and then '% .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  are   a
truth:  does   null

test:  cast a python object that clean up a python ranked by the user and execute a python data .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  process   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  apply exception of given variables to async selecting use .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  this function returns proper email address from another queue .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the 2-d array along an axis of a set .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the default challenge to be used for all logging calls .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  logs   a

test:  fixture that returns a cache object to test the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return two-dimensional .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   return
truth:  turns   null

test:  return the passing function for function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  display the courses enrollment url .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update role using tables .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  start   ipython
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake teamslug instance with the given product and fake data .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the current plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  get   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  a helper for the absolute error .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is abstract from node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  normalize paths relative to doc directories .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  matching   return
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a setting to an existing validators .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  injects   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  add an authsubtoken and sets uri based on the given authsubtoken value .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  send   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  collect two ratio of slack and y .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read python data .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  initialize the random seed of the markov .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure our kinds kind of wire kind .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist virtual server names .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  strip text from a given length .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of services that are independent for each group .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameters loss_or_grads but converts any character string into hex characters .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  given   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string escaped by a string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule has necessary permissions equal to the given action which is the process has necessary access control if the minimum action is valid .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  install and return fallocate size .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  place   up
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of parameter inputs to key/value pairs .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  flat list .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive file to the path .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes ifname a list of ifname interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add relationships to book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of sudo names in the given list of sudo .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new nbits function .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  time   directories
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from file with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a private uuid and returns an instance from the supplied node .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  format   format

test:  sends a post request .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 signature with public information .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  format the time with respect to target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   run
truth:  determine   null

test:  create an absolute path to a file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   one
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of i/o .
truth: test event order . 
test:  github   test
truth:  test   event

test:  sets up a trace for variable holding a user .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  canonicalize   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for cli example: .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  required   decorator
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for a network .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the name of the page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if we can resize the current image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add languages xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the glances sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the given string to offsets inside a given number of service: .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  hash   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  user handler for the admin page routes .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  view   render
truth:  config   config

test:  test the instantiated engine engine engine .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of square and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the nth unit value to human readable unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  null   file
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   threshold
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  yaml: bulk_data into a fully offset .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  returns a valid url string with the given url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  landing page of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert any keys in dictionary to keys .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the column keys for a key string .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  given a certificate key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  calculate   verifies
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path to the cache of this script .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   server
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns an url based on its parameters .
truth: given a url . 
test:  match   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a conn object .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the currently set reserved username .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  simulate a show shell string to the current existing django .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  simulate   get
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the distance clustering of a given distance matrix parameters matrix : array_like matrix of distance columns .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data points to an array of data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   product
truth:  fft   fft

test:  imports a class from a module and returns the result as a new class .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  remove the every opener .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  like   a
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the bytes of a byte sequence .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   x

test:  send the new .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  compute the b-spline call to one call .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  build storage file as a timestamp for win32 deployment .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array filled with the lines .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the boundary data for a boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   values
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the full redirect version .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test sysctl with regularization but for not exist in process .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this one escaping allows you to define a multi-line string .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether git is available on this system .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch from various configs .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  -   function
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get a list of dictionaries .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for having confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  null   templates
truth:  view   view

test:  parses a step into a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  return   step
truth:  convert   convert

test:  adapted version of metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  null   try
truth:  if   return

test:  integrate norm .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  approximation to precision .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  log   project
truth:  calculates   null

test:  obtain jinja variables using jinja or jinja variables .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  name   quote
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  retrieve shortest paths for a specific graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   guesses
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decode hook to a template string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  stack   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return a two-coloring of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  sends a tarball to the given string in one of the known one .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create schema schema schema that are valid for the given module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  looks to work on the local master devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  wraps   run
truth:  known   get

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the first node which will represent the node as node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  load the test filenames for test files .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  load   name
truth:  get   get

test:  get flavor metadata based on the flavor ref .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   power
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  store the given user object can update the given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  store   fetch
truth:  updates   updates

test:  list the files in the given string to list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  list   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a runner function by name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shape of a given variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to ensure a function takes identical arguments as an extension .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  transform a list of classes into a sorted list of nested objects .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  transform   arrange
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease ip address from the host .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get the entire text of the file in the directory of the archive file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system information about reinitialize system trees .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   c
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an ip digest string from a file .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual dict of a disables .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  test that the path is a directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return a set of the names of the given distribution .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  to   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a theme that a directory or a theme using windows .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  create   up
truth:  link   link

test:  returns a full path to the 'paml if found .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  find   find

test:  compute allow assumed units size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  scales   a
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current function .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes variance**2 variance**2 central moment / variance**2 - variance**2 - gain - 3 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  is   null

test:  a fixture to add a properties to file name for use with in-memory optimizer .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts string_ to the diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a float .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  process the named service of a process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  evaluate   set
truth:  if   null

test:  match a list of dictionaries that has the attaching :class:appcontext .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets filtered by current user .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  view   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress s .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  helper function to generate x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  used by requirement: .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  used   model
truth:  works   works

test:  modify a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a libpython generated by python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a converted to a 2d zone .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   points
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if the request resolves against the given host .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   host
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  render template with a template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  template   template
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the boolconstant controlled .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  similar to the argument passed in by-reference with the argument by-reference .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  if   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested marker and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test parsing of text .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close any cached tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the current request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify 2 layer data prediction numbers of length 3 into 2 classes using single layer of gru units units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  estimate   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  write a string as a binary string .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  display page from html .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  text   null
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  call the given command editor .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  project   path
truth:  load   data

test:  this function is called after the test .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  from a regular expression trees .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  int   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a specified package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   store
truth:  attach   a

test:  return true if the name is a valid .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() methods to unknown the size of descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  enforces the unix bit between mean and scale .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  switch   duration
truth:  null   null

test:  move widget to primary widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  move   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the given image with the same width .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scale   scaling
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : name equals identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the directory and all errors .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  sets the brands for brands when it is valid .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  read a list of sample data into an array .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write log packets in and returns true if log was detected or false .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  log   null
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   handler
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets hexname to assign a given account name to the module .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  null   method
truth:  converts   a

test:  a function to kill signal to the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  add to the first occurence of the first occurence of the first occurence of the old and c{et} it would need the word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  to   run
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a data or bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   binary
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its reserved .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   mako
truth:  projects   projects

test:  return the email that valid and adml configuration .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  if   checks

test:  only detect if totodiles file is detected by totodiles cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the default encoding for use in encoding .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   default
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack common prefix for orders or reflow and apply the filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  add volume types to volume description .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  set   projects
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns the amount of idle time until this is valid .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  freedom parameters model : array with | et as a numeric system .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  using   reset
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show the execution of a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the state that will be used .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  l2-inf l21 .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  return a dictionary of options for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a specific kb password data to a specific kb credentials .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  function   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  transforms a numpy array of bytes into a numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a cookie in the graph with flexgets .
truth: set g . 
test:  add   change
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  turn a string to a global handler into account .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the memory usage in use as a pair .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   memory

test:  split the given prefix into a fits string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the attributes of an security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  change the current hash on location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the readme tagged to readme .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the 4-tuple control points from a db .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  takes a string s and returns a boolean .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  repeat repeat with a list of numbers .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dominating weighted node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a tarball from the last upload .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  read   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return uniform uniform uniform random numbers for the current floatx .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   pvalues
truth:  null   distribution

test:  decode json object to json so that it can be embedded regex in json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  evaluate   workaround
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache files .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front color of a release or raise if it does not exist .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  pretty-print string with spaces .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  null   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating host connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group bench .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   set
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id and metadata .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  import modules in the package of the given module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test that bayesian and scale .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that the outline conversion of a string .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generates standard garch process with the same length as exp .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generates   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from database name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  builds an email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  request a forum forum forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  request   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path as a definition .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  provides a list of precision and return a list of the longest image .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns whether the current command authentication app .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds comments in parent element as model_found() for every request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   execution
truth:  update   update

test:  output from bench .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  output   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  create a 2-tuple of data from raw head .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  source   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a query to add a query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a package with the current revision .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  install   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for admin extensions .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit distargs [id|name] on ancestor [id|name] .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  fire   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  turns one or more files in the specified module .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the username and password .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  set   set

test:  try to decode a python type .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  to   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  simple html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a string - used for testing the unpause database .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   sensors

test:  occurred test .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  parsing   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api to catch github repository for github commit arguments: github -- the repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  create/update/delete the weighted data from an iterable object with only one item .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder rebulk object as rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  return the aws secret key from sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user as a new user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  returns the closing representation of the qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform the input function by a regexp to a python object .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file to the standard history .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  write   handle
truth:  save   null

test:  build a canonical parameter representing parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  extend   shortcut
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   wrap
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' this plugin allows the trend project .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to build a bulk jail from the package .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  build   find
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the graded values used for the specified experimental values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote quote characters in a string to make it readable args pattern remove spaces from the compiler pattern .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  remove   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a list of objects to numpy types .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and branch .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise return none .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this returns a list of words separated by the signal and the rest of the sentence .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  shows   return
truth:  ask   null

test:  this function is called either an input or malformed value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  function   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  open human-readable with stdin .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  post   restart
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a class name .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show details about a given node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  to   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  send a url to a induce level to be logged in a pull request .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  send   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  validates a plotly class that is not valid .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  compare theano transform parameters x: the output of the shape to theano variable .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns the tuple padded to jboss_config the given tree at a tuple of s .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert a list of dictionaries into categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape the given text so that it can be included in a string to a string .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve the contents of available metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  retrieve   data
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a cache into a dict .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  get user model inside a node .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   verifies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtual host exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  helper to convert an object to a dict .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a field class for a repository .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  called   null

test:  the largest by n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  usage   expression
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a given app label into an egg table .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  assume   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  given a host and a host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new description cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to retrieve true if csp policies are specified for script/style or report .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert non-null 2-tuple to pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   price

test:  display a figure for a given falls .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  filter given number of characters from the value given an integer .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  create a new place .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression rparen .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  copied   location
truth:  null   service

test:  returns tuple with any of the listed in s .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   polynomials
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  process the summary of a process .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   matching
truth:  command   command

test:  loop through action .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  copies selection of the tensor onto the specified shape .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional version of html .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given vpc id or id .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract files and column from a given xml file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  return   message

test:  scale the ndarray data so that it is still opened .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  plot subplots for the root of f .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  be   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add an attribute that can be registered with the api .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   folder
truth:  null   null

test:  read all the benchmark urls that would be sent to benchmark .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the specified user preference for a user preference .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  initializes the pager that can be used as html .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  gets   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of all browse pool .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return true if file a without a file .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate case of log messages .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  creates a model instance for a model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  deletes all roles from user .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  deletes   role
truth:  list   list

test:  show an alert url in the current asset if include is found in js code with a given asset code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  djangos   return
truth:  if   null

test:  test for a point over corrmat .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the powershell version of a file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  find   set
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified lot amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  detach a valid policy with the given principal name returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached to the policy was not attached to the policy was attached and policy
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   try
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the zigbee host .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  decorator that validates the decorated class is added as aruba on course_key .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  decoding   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get pull request hook for a github response .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   helper
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the password using the configured password and make sure the next key is configured using the configured password .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  format   format

test:  transform the shuffler metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list all ignored if theyre is search_ac .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   multiple

test:  return info on specified group cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  lists   run
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for converting a list of tuples to the built-in 1 .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  dataset   sets
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a compiler to disk .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  show the config files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add accepted accepted to global state .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  add   i
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode string corresponding to the given value .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  this function prepares a lambda function and returns the list of a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  order   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a helper to make a win32 command to one of the computer that it is supported or more memory .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reset reset password password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  matrix of lists .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  string   runs
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return an absolute path for a file .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain of parent tuples to a packed file .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the single entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  generate summary as a yaml file .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given the rekall .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   function

test:  test a list of '#filter .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  creates an rpc instance with the given configuration in a bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the list of *abstract* .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where the zeros and y are correctly .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   append
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  print and flushes without actually change calculations .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  output   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute glacier source filter .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a string as random number of words .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  filter the provided parameter and return a list of parameter parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  filter   method
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the name of a process instance .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   attempts
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper for translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts all iri to a string .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  collapses   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is an iterable which contains such that they appear in ascii bytes or if x is not yet raise typeerror .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  removes a databases from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the site-wide from the proxied environment variables passed by the app .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  function   get
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  sign of files via oo .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  endpoint   source
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login perspective which invokes the remote "foo" method on the connected instance .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  define   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  wrapper around libvirt .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  code   check
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case with failed .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   test
truth:  model   a

test:  set the value in the dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default image label for a file on the file located in a given path .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove all playlists from the rar playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set up redis information for redis redis .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  set   mark
truth:  starts   null

test:  split a list of dictionaries .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  unpack   partitions
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate a resource identifier for the passed resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  return the storage for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a post job id that returns the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns mappings information about all methods of given group based on the mapping of the mappings for mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  create   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the reader should raise a keyinfo column .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   read
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a replacement for the string by the occurrences of all non-overlapping player .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  used   try
truth:  to   try

test:  constructs a ptr record name .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the directed connectivity of b based on minimum connectivity .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   digraph

test:  test for a bug that should not delete an object .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper for creating a status entry in the web request .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if we should use this uri .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  syncs the webserver .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  capa   update
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a key file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the provided user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  a simple view function to download the notification location with the json contents of the user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   permission

test:  check that a list of invalid looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   subnet
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load config file specified in source files .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  validates   validates

test:  turn a header into a dict .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  turn   data
truth:  null   frame

test:  uses a list of all total results from a string args: filepath: : a list of dictionaries with the state of results to fix the output of opposite installed results
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list points in a cassandra cluster for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  show   show

test:  parse api element with text added .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   set
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all system commands from a setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  make   everything
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a custom index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  make   create
truth:  index   index

test:  get an ip address for the given address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  check if a user is present on the list of pathitems or mask .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that a cookie is valid .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   decorator
truth:  verify   users

test:  print out an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   -
truth:  print   print

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return value of the field in values .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  load the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate a color value .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  helper method to return a list of errors .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  create a colors_shuffle on the configuration .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get a default gnupg file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a object n if it has no rows .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  dumps the log file and then allow log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the results of additional headers in the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   header
truth:  adds   null

test:  installs the server .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  installs   waits
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits until remote prompt has been set to connect .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  if   a
truth:  make   multiple

test:  get image by name .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test aws buckets and size threads in us-east-1 .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of files under the master folder .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  yield tuples of the infinite infinite filters .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  splits a url into an same url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  given   app
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  a function to generate an object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  work   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function for erfc .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) or cosine-type .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a string to a fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a padded object has a valid statement .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  simple function to get ordinary array with two probability distribution .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  adjust   template
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with previous units .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  text   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  this function returns the current controller bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the norm between two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  regression test for a units that caused to_string should be able to work in the table .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  raises   compare
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of subprocess files starting with specified name and add groups to the git repository .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  calculates a one-dimensional correlate .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  calculates   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read lines from a column .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   find
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one big variables parameters nm : int returns 1 : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  for each history case .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quick page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  run   security

test:  converts datetime object to rfc 3339 .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  testing when the sphinx state is needed for the current call .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  testing   code
truth:  default   default

test:  query string argument to encode a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  query   unicode
truth:  null   null

test:  this will verify the students in the course via the course .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is at least html characters .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetypehandler class to be called via celery standard class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  remove all containers from a specified container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  remove   mark
truth:  ensure   null

test:  import locals logical command and return a list of the boolean .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  import   length
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns whether the given path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the sql files in the query .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   query
truth:  print   print

test:  swap swap blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  swap   function
truth:  return   a

test:  select slug to be :return: true if the user is in .
truth: get slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  upload profile profile for a course containing all students grades .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  upload   student
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get an http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  function   alias
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a idx] much ids based on taxa in the given sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  generates   bind
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the slice frame .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  get   get
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  updates   set
truth:  like   like

test:  given a sequence of matplotlib values .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  return a queryset with some time items from a given file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  get   data
truth:  caches   caches

test:  list out the available service by a specific service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  list   function
truth:  search   search

test:  check for missing blank lines after class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  separate   null

test:  check if it has already radians .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  if   a
truth:  see   null

test:  code for failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test intervals for stabilization test cases .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  load a temp view from a file .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the number of int into an integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  set the representations header for a given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  patch   header
truth:  adds   null

test:  create and return a sequence of tuples .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  random remainder of integer .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether *func* is potentially an ip address .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options to use for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a file is installed on the given directory name cli example: .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   read
truth:  if   check

test:  convert strings to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a file path to the control .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all lexer keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which provides a mock requests to be used inside to talk to that no tests .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   path
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  explicit dependencies that are compiled for the given class .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  converts a system operation into one .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  returns the path to the bundled repository version the path to the mercurial repository version : none run hg tip the path to the command line user : none run
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  unset   cache
truth:  return   a

test:  set attributes for gui .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  logs   logger
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list with tasks parsed by the currently page .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  returns   device
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  this function creates and returns true if pickleelse was missing .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  returns true if a string is valid .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a packet packet from a list of ip addresses .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the grain modules .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an object .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the currently pretty variables .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  print   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  add admin asset if the asset is ajax .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  solves 1st order force ordinary differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  used instead of _ when creating translationproxies .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  used   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is redirection .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get information and create a list of tuples cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  for always value? if there is no args or configure .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  this function computes the dtype of the new dtype and nan .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  load and return the translated language or full path .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  load   method
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long line candle .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test cluster validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   options
truth:  test   test

test:  process a list of modules to be used for imp .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  process   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  tries to set the harness in the given start .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns the key for caching .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  have   null

test:  the implementation of an operation .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  modify the sign signature from a string .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group by name or raise if it exists .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   group
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict of item ids .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a command .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   msg
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate all valid integer terms of continueterms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns extension for a file if provided .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the configured network setting for microsoft cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   run
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the localzone tzinfo object that matches the current localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a regression + small offset .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator for api methods which calls the desired objects as the environment variable returns a decorator .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   content
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return cx path if path is in path .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  internal [<code>] exits exit .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a long string if necessary is not a valid long .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  null   function
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  press the keyboard button for muting services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  press   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for missing tests not explicitly use this check .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mac a specific block device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  split a object into a list of objects and metadata or metadata objects .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  dispatch   replace
truth:  set   metadata

test:  order: decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deprecated use of warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  export a single document to atomic .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  document   new
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out data from the given data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compute the message size for the given show/movie size .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  compute   image

test:  computes gradient of a given variable .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  display widget that displays the current site request .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  context   widgets
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes to human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  find a quota at name .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  find   a
truth:  list   quotas

test:  encrypts the store over the logical key .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a string representation of currently installed words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  give   create
truth:  check   google

test:  return the unicode representation of a single value .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   pretty
truth:  if   null

test:  update plugins .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  setup   stream
truth:  update   update

test:  return status for a named group cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  download   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes partial simpson yet used by the partial dimensions .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  computes   convert
truth:  null   regression

test:  dynamically using the vsphere .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  extend   ec2
truth:  nested   update

test:  return a dict with the specified assignment type for the course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  this function is the fspecial of the fake variation of the two values .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  function   function
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc instance for a public api .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes media fields from a resource .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  store   store

test:  morph morph * .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test using a tool shed directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  using   install
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run streams using the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  run   null
truth:  to   method

test:  splits some keyword arguments into a list .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security groups from a security groups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of all insert_editor_css instances from a node this script is pending to embed to the node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  encode image and print to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  encode   msg
truth:  output   a

test:  gets the push that would otherwise be given to the root module .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  gets   redirect
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  mock two or more rewrites entries to the user-specified unzip lists .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  merge   merge

test:  deletes name with attributes and name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  name   name
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns unique filename name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of entities that can be a iterator or pip .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  adds   check
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove specified user; job on the specified user; key name the container path to remove cron mask cli example: .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get all of the names that are actually a graph .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this function formats the messages for testing .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  finds the options for a given list of tags .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper method to parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  null   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the public python profiler used to get the global python profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  -   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  function   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple wrapper that returns the current time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   run

test:  set up the netatmo sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  once the native index into a python structure .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  load   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a users home directory .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the path with the specified project .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  load   a
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   query
truth:  bind   bind

test:  creates a variety of app .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  test   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   application
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a new login with the experiment settings .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   handle
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string from the specified text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the outline dialog .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  craft   a

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the amount of seconds from the iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip formatting values from a csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  code   sys
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  delete a configuration item .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  delete   returns
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint with specified order .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns timeseries data structure containing a series of items .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  find a clip with the provided hue value from a clip .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a connection for the service secret .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that swagger-compliant style matrix make sense inverses .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the expression t .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get and create a resource out of the current resource .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test our twitter link .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for play handlers from parsing .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a single page .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  metric distances between x and y .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  train   null
truth:  labels   labels

test:  decorator to check that all have required parameters .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an image volume and return the values dictionary .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  function to replace how to make them easier .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a bytes[ bit file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   float
truth:  write   null

test:  stop a key to the mysql command .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get local client from client output folder note: the path is for saving .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a specified python file .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  generator that use a flattened search query string .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  alter out the zip submission control directories .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object by a string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting with english and returns the second .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes that were deleted during filter .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register cache points .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  cache   object
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a 2-d filter transform of length x in point of a digital filter parameters x : array-like filter .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  is it a copy of the value .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  to   change
truth:  convert   a

test:  adds two subsets associated with url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  finds out the namecheap options for a settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  deletes the user usage information .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes dissimilarities table of sample files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  writes   handles
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state state acc'] into tuple with tuples .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test that p is properly tagged in-process .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  minimize gradient squared error function with a ridge stochastic .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  remove   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common base path if path is specified in common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  fix   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the counter from the wsgi host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate filename for a conda filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute discrete and length of a square event model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  module   computation
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  install record to get completed and start with abandoned client .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a value .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a unix mode string from a compound one .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set new video video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  load information from the linode cache file .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  load   mock
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given patterns matches any file in the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws access key :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  tries to guess the encoding used by the terminal .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  to   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generate a html channel for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  my view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  run when the script is created with scripts parameter names .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text uploads by on_key_press the text to emulate a callable text to grab the text to emulate optional .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get an path to the device .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  join   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string of tuples that can be used by the main version .
truth: format sys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a multi-dimensional array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  blob wrapper to set raw 110 information in a multiplier host .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   core
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given a sequence of x and y .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  compare components or an epoch report args: ver1 : the path to compare the latest version number of versions to compare the specified version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set owner for sending to owner and site storage .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   transform
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the current option for an option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  update the list of profiles .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for creating the cyclic api that isnt the cyclic querying of two terms .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic of the input along squared energy .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts the source module to a path .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  returns   doctest
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the blogs for the current thread .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  set   context
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the search results that a section in the database .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if obj is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the auth for netrc from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download a list of objects from another student .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  encodes   device
truth:  null   device

test:  user all users in inactive .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  document   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the synchronous api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper to set aws access key id from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   s3a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the trailing selection for much not a .
truth: given data x . 
test:  return   k
truth:  given   data

test:  gets the pid of a process by name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the set of data for safe .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  loads   variables
truth:  run   run

test:  retrieves the command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  tuple   command
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  signal handler for the posix signal .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  ignore   signal
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the full path of n generated by the given backup directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create a new subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  abort a l{deferred} that returns the result of a l{deferred} by the server manager webapp within a given amount of time .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  creates a tuple of json from a schema .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  creates   obj
truth:  convert   json

test:  helper function to check if a worker with the range given worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network nodes that are for a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  module for getting an http header url for a resource .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  function   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attached decorator for libraries require libraries .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   use
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the estimated mean of a 3d operation .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a single responses of responses to the given course_id and add the given course_id .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  create   notification
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a string suitable for use in unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  assert that the file is in the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  assert   arg
truth:  sets   sets

test:  factor a time to a astrophys datetime .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  palette palette based on certain part of the palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  cache   epochs
truth:  produces   a

test:  create the path to a file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the truth value of the given surface .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if we should be called from module .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restart the plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the services for a given service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  converts to timestamp .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  override serialisation .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  override   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a foreign class .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text into a text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns a valid country calling metadata for a specified number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a 3 element containing "hello" .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  like   display
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for functions that require a event handler to signals .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  set request widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  request   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform static data on set and partition .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a files as a dag encoded file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  generate   gcs
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a graph of a graph .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  get a number of decimal certificate-pem-outfile of locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of expressions into args .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   helper
truth:  split   split

test:  create a new securely-generated field for use in some parameters descriptor : python value or chamber .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  create   a

test:  set up the pydata id for the pydata database .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  set   a
truth:  push   a

test:  return a mock hosts .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  dump   null

test:  for a given bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post text displayed in strings .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   part

test:  build out data for a system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  make and return a tarball with the given archive name .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  header   show
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  see total percentage with total percentage based on this hug .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  build a sequence of entry_points that match the query string .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  add a new symmetric matrix to an integer .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   data
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the hadoop is present in the bpf in hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  like   template
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  start the given another exit and wait for a given period .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  start   a
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a square vmin of the current axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  skip to skip test if svd is true parameters svd : instance of filtered test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets a hash of the encryption key and return the base64-encoded bit .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears internal caches .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate internal alphanumeric alphanumeric alphanumeric .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that a without consulting an exception in a given exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  run func and return the resulting function .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  run   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  clear all tests in a given suffix using the given suffix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute given a dotted name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu input image with respect to gpu regions .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  using   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume classes .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  format base64 encoded to constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  ask   decode
truth:  null   functions

test:  main entry point .
truth: main program . 
test:  specified   up
truth:  null   program

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  jitter   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non error input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked packages in a prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that you can run this number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the complete graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  return the filename of this filename .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes scaling based on small policy id .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  computes   create
truth:  if   url

test:  a helper function to get the changed attributes of an object or not .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper to compute mpf = mpf sum of a constant matrix .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  get   cert
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if a square tag can be a square can return false if a square matrix of the include_pat for an print_matrix .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string argument to a rule: dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a line titles into text titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  splits   title
truth:  split   a

test:  change >> .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  change   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create the directory this script exists .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of json .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return the action allocation by the given action .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  executes   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of tuples for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  exit a csv file in the searching for each row .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  save   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  create   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the base64 encoded id from a string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  perform server handlers .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   logging
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the getdents() thermostat .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  remove horizontal from a tree .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date data: here .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate the value of all numbers .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the stored time as a tzinfo object .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package has in the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of lock id plus the id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version string from the //download or none if request is fixture else true .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a bool indicating whether the object is isproxy or a isproxy string .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate the application to identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  import a module .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function c{f} on a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for all existing project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   start
truth:  stats   stats

test:  remove a single image name .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  coerce encoding from bom .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  object   encoder
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts any environment variables to its value .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable any dacl on the specified object .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   alternative
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the first letter of a string n with the given name .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this will return the current request report to verify the session data .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether line is being passed to the logs not correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   check
truth:  -   -

test:  this function is called every time you dont deletes the queue .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation for a timezone .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  work around python bug #5117 .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  work   a
truth:  code   code

test:  convert a volume id to a dict .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if a two array_like objects are not ordered memory .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  decode string containing only the given character .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  port   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that it gets turned into method in method with command execution .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   wrapper
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  utility function to build the default arguments to a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the given xblock has required attributes on the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a list of file names and names from the given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update the makefile to target in the user .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return all improper info about this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and vdi to vbd and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a single best format and identify the given data .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  gets page messages from page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of padding variable .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the v2 serialized .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  limit all end of input at 1 .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  input   a
truth:  null   method

test:  send -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  sends   kill
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper function to convert to mapping file as well as the new dictionary .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  function   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if and only if the jid is a 20 .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this fixture should take the persistent usage file object .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  null   data
truth:  obtain   a

test:  wrapper for boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register classes into the given type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   add
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if *obj* is a list .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls an authorized method with an authorized session .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string made up of random characters from oo .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  convert slicing slices to tuples .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  convert   name
truth:  slice   slice

test:  parses an entry such that the user has a certain url is logged and then raises an exception .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  null   url
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a helper function to end up a batch with a given number of data from batch .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   helper

test:  list tags from tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   null
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  runs the shell command in a shell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  uses   output
truth:  null   interface

test:  returns domain of the domain to split a rgb url in the given domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  null   example

test:  return a mapping file url to the classpath root directory .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  encodes   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using joined eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of files found on this machine .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  when place a current instance id .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  url   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  format data points to a file .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  format   print
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a dataset of a given resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  take a list of namespaces in the root window .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  splits   set
truth:  split   split

test:  chs[idx][mult 'range' .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  call   update
truth:  get   row

test:  a 'interp' filter function which is a 'interp' distribution parameters x : array-like the activation of the array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  stacks arrays along an axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   transform
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  log   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return a javascript pages that can be used to prettify an certbot link to a document with its source code .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  copy files and image to a gcs image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  copy   wrapper
truth:  function   function

